electrocution_nonfatal	On August 30, 2004, Employee #1, an electrical foreman, was working on a junction box when he received an electric shock. He sustained severe burns on his left hand, for which he was hospitalized. The conductors in the vicinity where he was working were energized.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 3, 2018, an employee was flipping a steel frame via an ove rhead crane bridge when he was struck by a chain used to secure and control the frame.  The employee sustained several fractures and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	On two occasions Employee #1 and Employee #2, employed by a construction company , were working at a commercial building under renovation.  In the first incident , on March 18, 2017, Employee #1 was conducting a walk through of a building uni t prior to installation of cabinets.  Employee #1 lifted a board from the floor and fell through an opening that the board was covering and down to a concrete s ubfloor, a fall height of 4 feet.  In the second incident, on April 13, 2017, Em ployee #2 was sweeping up trash and other debris from an area where the building 's trash compactor was scheduled to be installed.  The employee stepped back and fell through a floor opening not covered by a floor board, a fall height of app roximately 10 feet.  In both incidents, the injured employee was transported to the hospital and treated for bruising, muscle strains, and lacerations.  During the subsequent investigations, it was determined that the work zones were poorly lighted, and the floor openings were poorly marked and not properly secured.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 14, 2013, an employee was digging a hole for an existing pl umbing line to be tied into the city line.  The employee was electrocuted when h e raised his head and touched an exposed electrical wire underneath the house.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on February 14, 2019, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by an ele ctrical contractor, were engaged in electrical work at a dairy processing plant as part of a multiemployer construction project.  They were installing a new bre aker and wiring for a new air compressor.  While pulling wires into a switch gea r, a divider panel was pushed into an energized busbar, resulting in an electric arc blast.  Emergency services transported the employees to the hospital, where they were treated for second and third degree burns to their heads, arms, shoul ders, and hands.  Employees #1 and #2 required hospitalization.  Employee #3 was treated and released.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new one-story building.  He was working from a ladder and installing flashing on the roof.  The ladder was u nstable because it had been placed on an uneven concrete surface.  The ladder ti pped over, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 5 feet.  He beca me caught between the ladder and a retaining wall.  Employee #1 sustained a trau matic head injury and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on July 19, 2017, an employee was using an overhead bridge crane to move a stack of formed plates in the welding area. The employee lifted the stac k with the crane while his left hand was on the load. The employee amputated the tip of his left index finger when the sharp metal shifted and caught his finger .
fall_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on July 18, 2019, an employee and coworker assisted a crane operat or in turning joists and setting them into place. At some point, perimeter steel tube beams, joists and decking collapsed, and the employee fell approximately f ifteen feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the feet, ankle s, hip, and wrists.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:03 a.m. on April 24, 2017, Employee #1 and two fixture installers were loc ated in the rear of a bobtail truck rearranging loaded pallets of fixtures that weighed 1,924 pounds. They moved pallet A to the edge of the bobtail and the cow orker moved with his pallet jack to the back of the bobtail behind pallet B to p repare to move it with Employee #1. Employee #1 pulled his pallet jack out of pa llet A and inserted it in pallet B. Employee #1 was between both pallets and he now had his back to the load he just moved.  Pallet A became unstable and fell o ver, pinning Employee #1 between Pallet A, the pallet jack, and Pallet B.  Emplo yee #1 pulled himself from between the two pallets; however, sustained injury to his right side the included damaged ribs, torso, severed colon, and a punctured right lung. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries. The incident investi gation attributed the incident to the use of improper equipment for unloading, l ack of employee training, overloading of pallets, and working on an inclined sur face.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on October 16, 2015, an employee was preparing Delmag manufactured pile driving equipment for operation. The employee was struck and killed by a pl ywood block cushion installed between the hammer and concrete pile.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 21, 2017, Employees #1 and #2 and Coworker #1, construc tion workers working at a residential construction project, were preparing to wo rk on a pump jack scaffold.  Coworker #1 was on the building's roof and lifting a section of scaffold into place when the scaffold fell and made contact with an overhead power line.  The power arced, and Employees #1 and #2, on the ground, were shocked.  Emergency services were called, and the injured employees were tr ansported to the hospital.  Employee #1 was treated for electric shock and burns and released.  Employee #2, who was more severely injured, was admitted and tre ated for electric shock and burns.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 27, 2013, an employee was repositioning a ladder that was extended to 26 feet and 7 inches to enable access to the second story rooftop of a house.  While moving the ladder, the employee hit one of the overhead power l ines that contained 7,062 Volts.  The employee was electrocuted and pronounced d ead on arrival at the medical center.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:46 p.m. on June 17, 2010, Employee #1, and two coworkers, were removing guardrail posts from the north side of US Highway 30 around milepost 28 in Paris Township. A section of the westbound lane of highway 30 was shut down with cones and signal lights placed at both ends to direct traffic. Employee #1 was holding a steel post puller attached to a chain. The chain was attached to a boom located on a 2002 GMC Truck Number 0-110. One of the coworkers, a boom operator, moved the erected boom between two high voltage wires. The boom made contact with the wires, electrocuting Employee #1. Employee #1 was killed. Upon further investigation, it was determined the power lines crossed US Highway 30 at a slight angle, measuring approximately 15.3 ft high from grade. The boom on Truck Number #0-110 measured approximately 17.4 feet high from grade.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 21, 2017, Employees #1 and #2 and Coworker #1, construc tion workers working at a residential construction project, were preparing to wo rk on a pump jack scaffold.  Coworker #1 was on the building's roof and lifting a section of scaffold into place when the scaffold fell and made contact with an overhead power line.  The power arced, and Employees #1 and #2, on the ground, were shocked.  Emergency services were called, and the injured employees were tr ansported to the hospital.  Employee #1 was treated for electric shock and burns and released.  Employee #2, who was more severely injured, was admitted and tre ated for electric shock and burns.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 5, 2018, an employee was working for a masonry contractor. He was working from the third tier-side bracket of a welded frame scaffold apply ing stucco to the exterior of a building. He walked off the end of the side brac ket scaffold plank. He fell and landed on the ground. He sustained a fractured s kull. He was transported to the hospital. He died within two hours of falling.
caught_fatal	At 12:52 p.m. on April 4, 2019, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were attempting to rehang some fire blankets more than 25 feet in the air before installing a blown film tower.  Coworker #1 was operat ing a Genie GS Model 3220 RT Rough Terrain Scissor Lift.  Employee #1 also was o n the lift and monitoring its movements from the back.  Coworker #1 was on the f loor and acting as guide/spotter.  As Coworker #1 moved the lift backward and fo rward to position it prior to raising the lift and hanging the fire blankets, Co worker #1 yelled for him to stop.  Coworker #1 stopped the lift, turned to the r ear, and saw Employee #1 pinned between the lift's rail and a beam.  Coworker #1 moved the lift to free Employee #1, who collapsed to the floor of the lift.  Em ergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital fo r treatment of blunt force trauma to the chest with bilateral pneumothorax and m assive internal bleeding.  Employee #1 died at the hospital.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:42 a.m. on August 17, 2018, an employee was operating a vehicle when, at so me point, the employee lost control, went off-road, down a hill and crashed into a tree. The employee fractured both legs.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 9, 2020, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a const ruction company, were engaged in installing roof decking for a new three-story c oncrete commercial building.  Employee #1 was sitting on a riding anchor cart th at was used for fall protection and preparing to fasten joist corners to secure a decking panel and pin the decking lap seam.  A coworker was operating a "Mex-M aster" modified articulating lift with a hydraulic component to raise a new deck ing panel.  The hydraulics on the lift failed to make a clean release, causing a joist to deflect.  As coworkers applied tension to the joist in an attempt to m ove it into the proper position, a 5-inch gap appeared between the newly placed decks that compromised the decking's structural integrity.  Employee #1 had been 60 feet away, but he apparently drove the anchor cart over to the area where th e problem was.  The decking gave way, and Employee #1 and the anchor cart fell 4 1 feet.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital for treatmen t of traumatic head and neck injuries and a fractured leg.  He died at the hospi tal six days later.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:30 a.m. on April 27, 2019, an employee was working for a firm that manufact ured metal containers. He was working as a welder. He was doing some patchwork o n a tank that had penetrant and developer chemicals within. He was welding from the outside of the tank. As he stuck his hand into the tank to begin welding, th e fumes were ignited. The employee suffered burns to his right hand, arms, and s houlder. He was hospitalized. The fumes had accumulated inside the tank due to i nadequate ventilation. It was also noted that a portable electric light was in u se inside a tank while workers were spraying chemicals within the tank.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on December 8, 2020, Employee #1 was locating electrical utilities on a public sidewalk. He was killed when a motor vehicle jumped the curb and st ruck him.
caught_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on January 15, 2014, a 59-year old male lead equipment operator was working alone preparing to shut down a wood grinding machine. In order to accom plish this task, the employee had to disengage the clutch handle of a diesel eng ine while standing on an elevated platform. It is believed that, in order to hav e greater leverage, the employee was positioned between the clutch handle and th e inclined conveyor belt. At this time the employee fell backwards onto an ungua rded section of a moving conveyor.  The conveyor was part of a belt system used to carry discharged wood chips from a wood grinder. As the employee fell, a cont rol valve was activated causing the direction of the conveyor belt to reverse to wards the hopper wall of the grinder, which was approximately seven feet below t he elevated platform. The employee was pinned between the belt and metal chute f rame wall of the grinder's discharge area.  Emergency personnel were summoned; h owever, the employee was dead when emergency services arrived and body recovery efforts were performed. The employee sustained fatal injuries to his neck and to rso. There were no witnesses to the fatal event.
struck_fatal	At 8:38 a.m. on April 15, 2017, an employee was shoveling dirt into a pile at th e bottom of a trench.  The employee was pushed into a concrete retaining wall wh en an earthen wall burst.  The employee was killed from head trauma.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on June 26, 2017, Employee #1 was installing metal co ping covers around the edge of a roof. As he worked, he lost his balance and fel l from the roof, falling approximately 33 ft. He had attached his lanyard and ro pe grab too far down on the safety line and away from the anchor point that was located near the center of the roof to break his fall. Employee #1 should have b een tied off closer to anchor point. He struck the ground and sustained fracture d ribs and a hip injury in the fall. Employee #1 was transported to a medical ce nter, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:11 p.m. on October 4, 2018, an employee was working on a precast trophy ma terial barge cutting tie wires to remove metal rod from rebar in preparation for the precast concrete to be lifted and set in place. The employee stood up rapid ly from a seated position and became lightheaded and dizzy. The employee fell ov er approximately two feet and landed on a steel beam. The employee received coll apsed lung, contusions to his ribcage and back and showed other unspecified symp toms of heat stress.
fall_fatal	At 6:45 a.m. on June 26, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a glass company, was wor king from a raised forklift and pulling supplies from a storage bin.  The employ ee fell from the forklift.  He sustained traumatic head injuries and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On June 9, 2011, Employee #1, a 20-year-old male with Cottage Bakery Inc., was cleaning the Donut line's rollers. The machine was not deenergized. As the employee was wiping the rollers which were in motion, the rollers caught the towel that Employee #1 was holding and pulled his arm into the rollers. Employee #1 fractured ulna and radius of the right arm, was hospitalized and had to get two metal plates and six screws put into the arm.
caught_fatal	On February 14, 2011, an employee had parked the fork truck on a down sloping ramp and was helping the semi-truck driver unstrap the load. The fork truck rolled down the ramp crushing the employee between the fork truck and the flatbed trailer. It was not known whether emergency brakes were set.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on April 24, 2018, an employee walked up behind a pay loader and wa s struck by it while it was backing up.  The employee was crushed and killed by the pay loader.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 5, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in the construction of a new building.  He was dismantling a steel DOKA concrete forming panel.  Without first ensuring that the forming panel was connected to the tower crane and thus secured, the employee removed all structu ral t-bolts holding the forming panel upright .  The forming panel broke loose f rom the concrete and fell to the ground.  Employee #1, whose fall protection was attached to the forming panel, fell 19 feet and struck his head against the con crete surface.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was kil led.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on September 18, 2021, an employee assisted in washing a newly inst alled pipe. A coworker on one side of the pipe inserted various brushes into the pipe which were then pushed using compressed air at approximately 100 psi to pu sh the pipes through the pipe. The employee stood at the receiving end of the pi peline, removed the receiver backstop and was struck in the face by an incoming sizing plate/foam brush. The employee received a facial fracture, a concussion, and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 7:15 a.m. on April 23, 2016, a worker was inspecting a work site when he noti ced a potential safety issue with the operation of a crane. One crane in operati on was at risk of striking another crane that was stationary. The worker walked over to the crane in use to notify the operator of the issue and became pinned b etween the outrigger of the moving crane and the carry deck of the stationary cr ane. The worker sustained multiple fractures and internal injuries to hip and up per torso, resulting in his death.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:42 p.m. on July 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a framing construction c ompany, was engaged in exterior carpentry at a two-story residential structure. He was on the roof and removing a guardrail along the roof's edge when he fell, a fall height of 20 to 23 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured left arm.
caught_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 31, 2017, an employee was preparing transport trucks an d trailers for a trip to retrieve oil field equipment.  The employee assisted wi th airing the tires on the trucks and trailers as well as loading pneumatic hand tools with chain straps for securing loaded items.  The employee was caught in between the trailer beds and grabbed hold of the bumper or trailer frame when on e of the trucks started to move.  The employee fell from the trailer and was run over by the trailer's tires, crushing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:51 p.m. on August 13, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was climbing down an extension ladder from the roof of a two-story residence. He was wearing a fall protection harness but wasn't connected.  The employee sli pped and fell 17 feet.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for mult iple fractures to the back, ribs, and wrist.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on January 7, 2022, an employee was running feed wire through a Lin coln Power Wave Wire Feeder drive wheel with his right hand, while pressing the trigger of the Mig Gun positioned in the left hand. The trigger acts as a power button and allows the wire to process through the feeder to the Mig Gun for weld ing processes. The employee was wearing a fire resistant welder shield, welding gloves/apron, and safety glasses at the time and normally works a normal 8 hour schedule (5:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.), although hours vary depending on daily work l oad. The cover for the drive wheel was off, due to the wire being dislodged in t he wheels. The employee caught the sleeve of his jacket in the drive wheels as a result causing his hand to be pulled into the machine. The employee crushed his right thumb tip, which later was amputated and required medical treatment witho ut hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on May 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as taking a break from his work at a heavy construction site.  He was sitting on a trunnion beam that had been removed from a dredge and placed on the shore.  W hen he stood up and prepared to walk forward, the beam shifted and tilted forwar d, catching and pressing against his leg.  Emergency services were called, and E mployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a l eg fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 7, 2014, Employee #1, employed by a construction contractor, was using a ladder to check a rain gutter. He fell from the ladder, a fall height of approximately 18 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured left arm, head injuries, and a ruptured spleen. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA at 12:15 p.m. on January 7, 2014. The subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1 was a carpenter helper. He was performing normal work duties when he fell from the ladder.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 1, 2019, an employee was operating a Delta 10" Unisaw Tabl e Saw with a dado blade and not the planar as instructed to cut a decorative mun tin bar.  The employee broke through the work piece with the saw blade and amput ated his left thumb and index finger, requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:20 a.m. on February 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical service s company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story comm ercial building.  He was using an impact driver to screw the cover to an electri cal panel.  An arc flash occurred, and Employee #1 sustained thermal burns.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, wh ere he was admitted and treated for burns to his arms, hands, and stomach.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:15 a.m. on March 29, 2017, an employee was assisting other co workers of the same company in laying pipe inside the trench.  This pipe had bee n connected at the main sewer line and was being ran towards the buildings new a ddition where the tie in would occur. The employee went into the open trench to level gravel that had been dumped into the bottom of the trench.  The trench wal ls caved-in on the employee. The employee suffered compound fractures to his fem ur and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 9:50 a.m. on February 2, 2017, an employee had been tearing off roofing mater ials and was walking across the roof of a classroom building to a ladder.  The e mployee fell from the roof and was killed by blunt force trauma to the head.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 5, 2006, Employee #1 was on the roof surface of a structure that was approximately 12 ft in height. As he was attempting to wrap a water line with an electric heat cable he pulled on the end of the cable, lost his balance, and fell to the ground. The employee fractured six ribs and was hospitalized as a result.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 1, 2019, an employee walked across a painted floor, slipp ed, and fell. The employee was hospitalized to treat a fractured vertebra.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on June 1, 2019, an employee was cutting the front cross member on a chassis in order to shorten the length in the final finish department. The emp loyee did not secure the cross member and it tipped over onto the tongue of the chassis where his hand was resting. The employee suffered a finger amputation an d was treated without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 25, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in the construction of a water tower.  He was inspecting work per formed when he tried to remove a manhole cover.  The cover slid off his hand, ca ught his left index finger, and amputated the fingertip.  Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital, where he received treatment for the partial amputation.
caught_fatal	On July 24, 2009, Employee #1 was standing next to a building as a backhoe drove past and proceeded to drive over a curb. The backhoe began to tip to one side, causing the bucket to jerk. Employee #1 was caught between the building and the backhoe bucket. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on December 16, 2014, Employees #1, #2 and #3 were p lacing highway reflectors on the right side of a highway.  They exited their ser vice trucks to look for an oil container to service some road machinery.  A car traveling in the left lane drifted into the right lane and struck Employees #1, #2, and #3. Employee #1s head was decapitated and he died.  Employee #2 receiv ed broken bones and Employee #3 received minor injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 10:50 a.m. on January 7, 2014, Employee #1, Coworker #1, and Coworker #2, the project Lead/Foreman, all employed by Adornment Painting & Drywall, Inc., were working inside a residence, installing sheetrock on the ceiling and wall. Employee #1 fell from the platform of one of two scaffolds being used to the floor below, a fall height of approximately 162 inches (13.5 feet). Emergency services were called, and the Atherton Police Department and Menlo Park Fire Department responded. Employee #1 was transported to Stanford Hospital, admitted, and treated for a knee fracture and facial fracture. He remained hospitalized for approximately two days. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by the Atherton Police Department at 1:50 p.m. on January 7, 2014; and by the Menlo Park Fire Department at 3:00 p.m. on January 7, 2014. The employer failed to notify Cal/OSHA of the event and Employee #1's serious injuries. During Cal/OSHA's subsequent investigation, which began at the worksite at approximately 11:00 a.m. on January 24, 2014, the parties interviewed gave differing accounts of what had transpired. Initially, the investigator inspected the site accompanied by the owner of Adornment Painting & Drywall, Inc., with no employees present at the site. According to the owner, he was not at the site when the fall occurred. He went to the site after receiving a call from Atherton Police Department. The owner stated that his employees were assembling a rolling metal scaffold, one of the two scaffolds being used, when Employee #1 fell to the floor below. This rolling scaffold measured approximately 91 inches long, 60 inches wide, and 180 feet high. It was being used by Adornment Painting & Drywall employees but was owned by Miller Construction, the general contractor, according to Adornment Painting & Drywall, Inc.'s owner. The owner stated his company stopped using the rolling scaffold since the fall. On January 28, 2014, the Cal/OSHA investigator interviewed Coworker #2 at the job site. Coworker #2, the project Lead/Foreman, stated that Employee #1, who was on the rolling scaffold, asked him to move the scaffold away from the wall. Employee #1 fell when Coworker #2 moved the scaffold slightly. On February 6, 2014, the Cal/OSHA investigator interviewed Employee #1. Employee #1 stated that, on the day of his fall, he and Coworker #1 were installing sheetrock on the high ceiling and wall, using the upper platform level of the rolling scaffold and an elevated platform that had been installed by the workers. Employee #1 and Coworker #1 were on the elevated platform as they installed sheetrock on the wall. Coworker #2, who was on the second floor, handed sheetrock to Employee #1. After Employee #1 and Coworker #1 finished installing sheetrock on the wall and ceiling, they proceeded to dismantle the platform(s) to move them to the lower level. As Employee #1 bent down to remove a nail from a platform plank, Employee #1 fell from the elevated platform to the floor below. The investigation established that the elevated scaffold's platform and the rolling scaffold's platform each were 13.5 feet high. The elevated platform consisted of two planks, approximately 5 feet to 6 feet long. One end of the elevated platform was supported by a 2-inch by 4-inch wood member attached to the wall, and the other end of the elevated platform rested on the platform of the rolling scaffold. The rolling scaffold's platform had mid-rails but no top rails. The elevated platform had no railing on its sides. The edge of the second floor, where Coworker #2 was positioned when he was handing sheetrock to Employee #1, had a top rail but did not have a mid-rail. Based on the findings of its investigation, Cal/OSHA issued four Serious citations to the employer, Adornment Painting & Drywall, Inc., alleging violations of Title 8 of the California Code of Regulations (T8 CCR): The employer failed to protect its employees from fall hazards while working on elevated area
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 2, 2021, an employee ascended a fixed, emergency fire escape ladder to access the roof. At some point, the employee fell approximately one hundred and twenty feet from the ladder and was killed by blunt force traum a to the whole body.
struck_fatal	At 12:47 p.m. on October 28, 2020, an employee was exiting a customer shipping d oor between his truck trailer and the docking area. He had just been assigned a dock door and was heading to his truck when he was struck after another semi-tru ck trailer hit a parked trailer. The employee suffered multiple injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 6:43 p.m. on November 29, 2016, an employee was moving an aerial lift down a ramp to its storage location. The lift caught in the interface between the ramp and the level platform and fell over striking the employee in the head, resultin g in fatal head trauma, lacerations and coma.
fall_fatal	At 10:10 a.m. on January 30, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection com pany, was descending from the roof of a one-story commercial building after inst alling decking.  He slipped from the top rail of the scissor lift he was using t o descend, and he fell, a fall height of 32 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	Just before noon on November 03, 2011, two employees were working in an unprotec ted trench, which was approximately 220 feet long, 6 feet deep, 2 feet wide, and had nearly-vertical sidewalls.  No cave-in protection or acceptable means of eg ress was in place prior to the employees entering the trench to locate an existi ng one inch waterline. The existing waterline extended into the trench sidewall on the northwest end of the trench where employees were working.  The employees had just finished locating the existing waterline with a handheld shovel, while the co-owners supervised their work activities from outside the trench.  The sid ewall caved-in and buried the employee at the northwest end of the trench.  The employer called 911 for assistance and manually dug with shovels to uncover the buried employee until emergency medical services (EMS) arrived on scene.  After removing the employee from the trench, emergency medical technicians performed a n evaluation and CPR. The employee was pronounced dead at approximately 12:26 pm . The fatality was directly related to head and chest injuries suffered during t he trench collapse.
struck_fatal	At 2:38 p.m. on December 10, 2016, an employee operating an excavator was struck and impaled by a piece of angle. The employee was operating a Komatsu Model PC4 50LC-8 / 6PB41E, Serial # T10835624 excavator. The excavator was applying pressu re to a column to bring the section of the building down. A 100 ft long, 6 in by 6 in by 5/8 in piece of angle fell, striking the operator in the chest inside t he cab of the excavator. The employee was killed from their injuries.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 17, 2021, an employee was working from a roof during an asbestos removal project when he fell through the roof. The roof was not struct urally sound enough to handle his weight and the employee incurred severe head i njuries as a result which killed him.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 25, 2014, Employee #1 was operating a dump truck. The dum p truck became entangled in overhead fiber optic and electrical power lines. The employee attempted to dislodge the truck from the electrical lines but was elec trocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on June 2, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construc tion company, were working at the site of a new residential structure.  The cowo rker was operating a crane to set in place an air conditioner condenser.  Employ ee #1 was standing nearby and waiting for the crane operation to be completed. The crane, which did not have its stabilizers fully extended, tipped over, and t he boom fell down and struck Employee #1.  Emergency services transported Employ ee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractures to a wris t, a shoulder, and multiple ribs.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 9, 2019, Employee #1, a journeyman carpenter employed b y a construction company, was working on a road construction project.  He was cr ossing the street.  As he waited on the crosswalk median for traffic to clear, a n automobile ran a stop sign and collided with an SUV.  The SUV spun and struck Employee #1.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s engaged in roofing work at a two-story commercial building.  He was climbing a n 8-foot ladder when he fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and tr eated for a concussion and multiple fractures.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on July 24, 2014, Employee #1 was bent over an unpro tected trench that measured 8.75 feet deep by 3 feet wide by 75 feet long and sl oped 85 degrees. He was attempting to connect a plastic drain pipe into a plasti c coupling when the trench collapsed. Employee #1 was buried in the trench and d ied of asphyxiation.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on October 25, 2021, an employee placed pipe in a trench. An excav ator (Case-300D) was operated approximately forty feet away and contacted a 26 K V live line. Upon contact with the line, electric current traveled to the other side of the trench and electrocuted the employee. The employee was killed due to cardiac arrest.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on October 30, 2011, Employee #1, a contracted employee working at a site in Carson, CA, was offloading a specialty trailer, using a sit-down industrial truck (Toyota Model Number 7FGCU25; Serial Number 89469). As Employee #1 stepped on the accelerator, the attached strap quickly loosened, pulled on Employee #1's right hand, and caused his hand to strike the industrial truck frame. Emergency response personnel transported Employee #1 to Harbor UCLA Hospital, where he was hospitalized and treated for an amputated right middle finger and lacerated right hand. Staffing Systems, Inc., in Whittier, CA, notified the Division about the injury at approximately 1:00 p.m. on October 30, 2011.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on May 5, 2015, an employee removed covers on a floor to install a metal staircase during a rehabilitation construction project at a former retail store.  The employee set up cones and caution tape around the hole.  He then fel l through the hole and landed nine feet below onto a concrete floor.  The employ ee died from head injuries suffered from the fall.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 15, 2021, Employees #1 and #2 were unloading manufactur ed roof trusses at the construction site for a one-story residential structure. Employee #1, a construction framer, was standing on the ground by the load of t russes.  Employee #1 was operating a mobile hydraulic truck mounted crane.  As E mployee #2 picked up the load, the hoisting line came into contact with overhead power lines. The hoist line became electrified, and Employee #1 was shocked and thrown back approximately 4 feet.  Emergency services were called and transport ed Employee #1 to the hospital.  Soon after, Employee #2 went into shock.  Emerg ency services came to assist and transported Employee #2 to the hospital.  Emplo yee #1 was admitted for treatment of electric shock.  Employee #2 also received treatment was released without hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 11:09 on December 13, 2016, an employee removed the dump truck from the back of the roll off tow truck. The dump truck rolled forward and pinned the employee against the back end of the bed of the tow truck. The employee was killed from blunt force trauma .
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 17, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a concret e products company, were attempting to remove a hatch door from its frame.  The entire pre-assembled hatch assembly, East Jordan Iron Works Part Number 8196, co nsisted of a cast iron frame, a 30-inch by 30-inch cast iron hatch door, a stain less steel spring-assisted strut, and a self-engaging safety bar.  The assembly weighed approximately 520 pounds.  As the two workers attempted to remove the st rut that acted as a lift assist for the door, the compressed spring-loaded strut flew apart and struck Employee #1's right hand.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for an amputated right index finger and fractured thumb.  The surgical staff was able to reattach the amputated finger.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 18, 2006, Employee #1 was inspecting an excavated line of unknown ownership to determine if it was energized and if it was safe to relocate. He had been issued test equipment that included a Sears Craftsman 600-volt maximum current multimeter. Employee #1 did not contact the local electrical utility for assistance, and he did not contact his regional supervisor, who had assigned him the job, when he examined the cable and determined it might be beyond the capabilities of his equipment. Instead, he approached the excavated line and, using the black lead from his multimeter, penetrated the line sheathing, causing an arc flash. Employee #1 sustained first- and second-degree burns over 27 percent of his body, as well as undetermined nerve and sub-dermal injuries. He was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for five days. The electric utility determined that the line he contacted was a 7,500-volt feeder line. Subsequent investigation revealed that Employee #1 was employed as a journeyman electrician, but he had not been tested as such by his employer or by the county where he was working, as was required by law. He had been through no formal program of instruction from the employer, and he had not been trained or tested by the general contractor before entering the work site. He had only received a high-school equivalency to a vocational-technical education involving principles of electricity, from which he had obtained a certificate issued by a school in Jamaica that covered certain lower-level parts and subsystem replacement which, according to local law, was only to be done under the supervision of a county-certified journeyman or master electrician. In addition, Employee #1 had no testing/detection device that could safely perform the task if the cable was transmitting voltage above 600 volts. Employee #1 was not equipped with the industry-standard level of personal protective equipment appropriate for exposure to high-voltage current: for levels above 600 volts, this would include face protection, heavy duty rubberized gloves, and a heavy duty rubberized sleeve/shoulder ensemble. He had only been issued hand protection suitable for exposures under 600 volts. Employee #1 had been issued a hard hat, which he was wearing at the time of the incident. He was also wearing protective footgear, which he had been required to purchase himself. Citations were recommended for lack of provided personal protective equipment, lack of employee training, and failure of the employer to inspect the work site for hazardous conditions.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 29, 2019, an employee falls 14 feet to the ground and susta ins unknown injuries.  The employee was hospitalized.  No further information wa s available from the initial report.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 9:45 a.m. on March 7, 2017, an employee was assisting Coworker #1 and Coworker #2 with removing a metal awning on the side of the building. Cow orker #1, Superintendent, was operating the Caterpillar Excavator 325D when he s wung away from the building and struck a concrete light pole on the pedestrian s idewalk.  The concrete light pole fell towards the building and struck the emplo yee causing serious injuries. The employee suffered a head injury, and left hand middle and index finger amputation
fall_fatal	On April 12, 2017, an employee was working an elevated surface and was cleaning some scrap metal from an unguarded edge.  The employee fell approximately 18 fee t and was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:15 p.m. on September 15, 2014, Employees #1 and #2 were worki ng on the roof, putting tarpauling. Both employees slipped off the roof. Employe e #1 suffered fractures and head trauma and was killed. The nature and the exten t of Employee #2 were not mentioned in the narrative provide. However, Employee #2 was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on March 14, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers were engaged in demoli tion work at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story commercial buildi ng.  They were holding a tag line to an open web steel joist that was being lowe red to the ground.  The load broke free, fell, and struck Employee #1.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitte d, and treated for a fractured leg.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on April 3, 2013, Employee #1 and Co-worker #1, employed by a const ruction services company, were off-loading construction material at the employer 's home office.  Employee #1, a tractor trailer truck driver, had delivered a lo ad of 75 boxes, each weighing 30 pounds, for a total weight of 2, 375 pounds.  T he boxes were stacked on a 48 inch x 48 inch wood skid on the truck bed.  Co-w orker #1 was operating a Bobcat loader with forklift.  Employee #1 assisted Co-w orker #1 with the off-loading by directing the lift's fork under the load as he stood on the truck bed.  After performing a test lift while the load was still o n the truck bed, Co-worker #1 lifted the load, tilted it back against the fork m ast, and proceeded to travel backwards with the suspended load.  When Employee # 1 told Co-worker #1 that the load had cleared the truck bed, Co-worker #1 began to lower the load to the ground.  Employee #1 jumped off the truck bed.  The Bob cat tripped forward, catching Employee #1 between the edge of the truck bed and the load.  Employee #1 was fatally crushed.  The subsequent investigation determ ined that the Bobcat was rated at 1,900 pounds lifting capacity and 3,900 pounds trip capacity.
electrocution_fatal	On June 17, 2005, Employee #1, a utility lineman, responded to a downed utility pole. When he stepped out of his truck to meet other workers, he slipped on wet grass and slid down a slope. He contacted a high voltage power line and was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on September 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a job site. He was operating a Skilsaw circular saw to cut w ood.  The saw's blade came into contact with his finger, and the blade amputated his fingertip.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete constructi on company, was engaged in masonry work at the site of a new commercial building .  He was feeding a rubber mat under the crawler track of a concrete machine whe n the machine ran over and crushed his foot.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he underwent surgical amputation of the crushed foot.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:55 p.m. on March 2, 2021, an employee worked in an excavation to splice exi sting streetlight wires. At some point, the tool used for the splice made contac t with a live 480-volt wire. The employee was killed by electrocution.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 9, 2018, Employee #1 was unloading steel from the forklift . The employee reached over to the right side of the cab for some paperwork, and actuated the boom lowering lever. He was struck by the boom, crushing his neck and upper torso, and killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on March 15, 2004, Employee #1, the owner and president of Nash Construction, was standing on a fiberglass stepladder to reach up into a false ceiling. He took hold of an energized, 277-volt power line and received an electric shock. Employee #1 sustained injuries that required hospitalization. Subsequent investigation revealed that the electric line was connected to metal parts.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:15 p.m. on April 14, 2015, Employee #1 was pressure washing a roof of barn side to prepare it for a paint job. He was working at an unspecif ied height. As Employee #1 worked, he lost balance and fell, sustaining unspecif ied injuries that killed him.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:10 a.m. on May 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction rebar serv ices company, was handling a bundle of rebar.  As he moved the bundle, the strap came off.  As it fell, the bundle hit Employee #1's legs.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for injuries to both legs.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 21, 2016, an employee was working on the edge of a roof t hat was under construction. While assisting with building up of the roof by appl ying multiple layers of material, he fell 33 feet to the ground. He suffered a s kull fracture and died. The incident investigation revealed that the worker was not wearing fall protection and was working outside the warning line that the em ployer had installed. No dedicated monitor or supervisor was present to ensure w orkers remained inside the boundary of the warning line.
electrocution_fatal	On November 6, 2002, Employee #1 was installing steel I-beam posts for a guard-rail system. He was moving his truck when it contacted a 14,000-volt power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:35 a.m. on May 10, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a constr uction company, were installing drywall inside the parking garage of a residenti al building.  They were working from a rolling Baker Scaffold which was approxim ately 7 feet tall.  Employee #1 needed to reach higher, so he also was using a s tepladder positioned on the scaffold platform.  Coworker #1, the supervisor, cli mbed down from the scaffold.  The scaffold began to roll.  Coworker #1 attempted to stop the scaffold, but it tipped over onto its side.  Employee #1 fell appro ximately 8 feet to the concrete floor.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractu res of the skull, wrist, and foot.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on June 27, 2012, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, full-time employees of Zim Industries, Inc. DBA Bakersfield Well & Pump Co., were working in a nut orchard where their employer had been hired to drill a water well. They were sitting a sample box on a mud pit using a chain attached to the forks of a powered industrial lift truck, John Deere Model JD486-4WD-21-6, s/n: T0486EX842243, rated capacity: 6,000 lbs, unit # B932. Employee #1 was standing on the right fender of the lift truck and leaning forward between the mast upright and the overhead guard. Coworker #1 was sitting in the operator's seat of the lift truck. Employee #1's foot came into contact with the mast tilt control, causing the mast to tilt in a reverse direction and pinning him between the mast upright and the overhead guard. Employee #1 sustained the following crush injuries: lacerated liver, multiple left rib fractures, adrenal hematoma, right kidney laceration, and multiple spinous process fractures. The causal factors were that Employee #1 entered the area between the upright mast and the overhead guard, and the upright mast tilted in a reverse direction, crushing him in between the mast and the guard.
fall_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on January 15, 2014, a 59-year old male lead equipment operator was working alone preparing to shut down a wood grinding machine. In order to accom plish this task, the employee had to disengage the clutch handle of a diesel eng ine while standing on an elevated platform. It is believed that, in order to hav e greater leverage, the employee was positioned between the clutch handle and th e inclined conveyor belt. At this time the employee fell backwards onto an ungua rded section of a moving conveyor.  The conveyor was part of a belt system used to carry discharged wood chips from a wood grinder. As the employee fell, a cont rol valve was activated causing the direction of the conveyor belt to reverse to wards the hopper wall of the grinder, which was approximately seven feet below t he elevated platform. The employee was pinned between the belt and metal chute f rame wall of the grinder's discharge area.  Emergency personnel were summoned; h owever, the employee was dead when emergency services arrived and body recovery efforts were performed. The employee sustained fatal injuries to his neck and to rso. There were no witnesses to the fatal event.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 22, 2015, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a cons truction company, were positioning bundled concrete supports onto a front end lo ader for transport off the job site.  Employee #1 cut the metal band holding the concrete supports tightly together in order to re-stack and re-bundle the suppo rts.  When the band released, the bundle flew apart, and a support struck Employ ee #1's leg.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a broken femur.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on June 20, 2014, an employee was installing a bathroom exhaust fa n and during wiring he was shocked in the left hand and foot. The employee was e lectrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 30, 2018, an employee climbed the material silo to untie a bag of mortar to be emptied into the silo when one of the silo legs collapsed and he fell to the ground.  The employee fractured his cervical vertebra and sus tained several lacerations to his head and hands.  The employee was hospitalized .
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on December 22, 2021, an employee was unloading a load of grocerie s using Crown, RC 5500 Series stand-up forklift with a slip attachment used to m ove items not on pallets. The employee wanted to switch to a different forklift with regular forks that was parked nearby. The employee drove his forklift to th e parked forklift and attempted to step from one forklift to the other. As the e mployee was stepping over, the forklift he was operating continued to move and c rushed him between both forklifts. The employee was hospitalized to treat multip le injuries, both internal and external.
caught_fatal	On January 27, 2009, Employee #1, of Environmental Construction Inc., was retiring a 10 inch water line. While using a 14 inch Stihl gas powered chop saw to cut the pipe, he caught his wrist between two pipes. The hydra-stop previously installed on the pipe failed and released water from the pipe filling the trench. Employee #1 died in the trench due to drowning.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on April 7, 2018, Employee #1 and a Coworker, employed by a mechan ical contractor, were working at a food manufacturing facility.  They were insta lling an overhead drip pan measuring 88 inches by 40 inches.  Both were working from ladders.  The drip pan shifted, swung down, and struck the ladders.  Employ ee #1, who was on the first or second rung of a 4-foot platform stepladder, fell to the tile floor, a fall height of approximately 2 feet.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for multiple compound fractures of his left upper arm (the humerus).
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 1, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working inside a trench at a multiemployer construction site.  The trench measured 20 to 25 feet long by 2 feet wide by 4 feet deep.  The entire east wal l of the trench collapsed, and Employee #1 was pinned waist deep against the wes t wall.  Emergency services were called.  Employee #1 was rescued from the colla psed trench, transported to the hospital, and admitted for treatment of a fractu red pelvis.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a mechanical servic es company, was working at the construction site for a new 28-story multifamily residential building.  He was preparing to install a segment of pipe when the pi pe cap exploded from an unintentionally pressurized pipe.  Employee #1 was trans ported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple fractured ribs and a lacerated esophagus.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:58 a.m. on June 28, 2004, Employee #1, of Hayward Price Construction, was in a bucket truck installing spacers to a three-phase Hendrix matrix overhead power line when he contacted the 2,400-volt AC line. He sustained third-degree burns that resulted in permament disability. During his hospitalization, several fingers had to be surgically amputated.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on June 1, 2017, an employee was operating a forklift and then swit ched to operating an aerial man lift to help set the joists of a rafter. The raf ter was approximately 30 feet above compacted soil and he was not wearing person al fall protection. During work, the employee fell and sustained a broken verteb rae, as well as bruises to his face. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on March 10, 2017, an employee was installing steel roof decking. The employee fell over 31 feet from height. The employee was killed by blunt for ce trauma to the body.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on November 3, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was operating a power saw to cut wood. The saw kicked back, and the blade mad e contact with his left middle finger.  The finger was partially amputated.  Emp loyee #1 received treatment for the partial amputation.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on January 26, 2022, an employee walked along the outside edge of a road that was coned off in preparation for cutting and paving operations. Whil e walking, the employee was struck and run over from behind by a passing motor v ehicle. Coworkers called for emergency response; however, the employee was kille d due to crushing injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:50 a.m. on August 14, 2018, an employee was standing on a step ladder to re install a flood light on a house. At some point, the employee cut his finger and asked a coworker for assistance to bandage it. The employee lost consciousness and fell four feet off of the ladder and received an unspecified head injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:05 a.m. on September 13, 2018, an employee began to climb an eight foot por table ladder located next to a nine foot exterior framed wall. While ascending t he ladder, the wall fell in towards the employee, who was struck on the chest an d knocked him from the ladder. The employee was hospitalized for treatment of a lower back fracture and a fractured left heel.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 25, 2018, an employee and coworker constructed a makesh ift scaffold using two inch by six foot boards nailed to a window jam to support a twelve inch plank board for a working surface while working on the facsia of a single family home. At some point, the nails pulled away from the window jam a nd the scaffold collapsed. The employee fell seventeen feet and was hospitalized for a broken back. The coworker stopped his fall by grabbing onto decorative wo od rafters and was able to climb into a second floor window.
caught_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on November 19, 2010, Employee #1, a mechanic, was performing maintenance on a CNC drill machine. During maintenance, the machine activated and crushed Employee #1 between its moving parts. He received multiple internal injuries, as well as a fractured hip. Employee #1 died as a result of his injuries.
fall_fatal	At approximately 4:25 p.m. on March 16, 2016, an employee was throwing debris in to a dumpster. The employee fell about 27 feet to the pavement below. The employ ee sustained broken bones and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 9, 2017, an employee was working approximately 33 feet in the air on a metal roof without the use of fall protection. After working for ap proximately three hours, the employer removed about 20 sheets of metal material and two perlings.  Perlings are horizontally placed steel beam structures to att ach the sheet metal to the roof structure. As theemployee was on the roof in a b ent over position with his arm cradling the last horizontal steel perling that w as being removed by a coworker, perling broke away from the steel structure. The perling fell,  talking the employee with it and striking the gin floor below. T he county sheriff's office responded to the scene and CPR was initiated. However , the employee could not be saved and was pronounced dead at approximately 12:20 pm.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 7, 2019, Employee #1 was driving KLX Truck #427 to drop off several pallets of paper products. The employee backed up the trailer van i nto the receiving area and then detached and parked the KLC Truck just outside t his receiving area. He exited his truck and walked into the receiving area and i nto the Truck Trap Area. He began communicating with an employee via intercom at the drop off site through the Security Window.  At approximately 11:45 a.m., as Employee #1 was standing and waiting for the receiving employee to open Overhea d Door #2, he suddenly collapsed. Employee #1 fell forward, hit his chin and nec k on a small metal table and then fell backwards toward the side wall. The emplo yer was summoned by his security staff, who immediately began chest compressions on Employee #1. EMS was called and responded. First responders continued to att empt to revive the fallen employee.  At approximately 12:26 PM, he was pronounce d dead by paramedics in consultation with the hospital base station. According t o the medical examiner, Employee #1 died from a heart attack.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on March 3, 2017, an employee was securing a paint can to the cab of a forklift that was located on a trailer. As he turned around to walk towards the steps of the trailer, he tripped and fell,   approximately 36 inches to the dirt ground. The employee sustained a fractured right hip, which he was hospita lized and received treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on September 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical serv ices company, was trouble shooting an electrical issue on a parking lot light po le.  The employee made contact with the pole, which was energized, and sustained second and third degree burns to the hand.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for electric shock and burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 p.m. on June 27, 2011, Employee #1, #2 and #3, all construction laborers, were working with two linemen setting a new power pole on an energized 69,000-volt power line. The two linemen were on the west side of the pole in a bucket truck holding the static (ground) line. Employee #1 was on the ground pushing the pole to center it in the hole, and Employee #2 was shoveling sand in the hole to backfill around the pole, while Employee #3 walked toward the pole after plumbing it with a string and plumb bob. One of the employees told the foreman that the pole needed to be centered more, so they raised the boom of the digger derrick. As they pushed the pole over and began to lower it back into the hole, the pole came in contact with the top west energized line, which caused a flash and loud boom. Employee #1, #2 and #3 sustained burns and were hospitalized for their injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On August 5th, 2009, Employee #1 was installing roof shingles from a 20 ft. aluminum ladder. Employee #1 came in contact with a 110-120/208 Volt power line and fell from the ladder. Employee #1 died from the electrical shock.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on January 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a crane company, was p reparing a parked truck crane, Crane Model GMK 5220, Type 5220C, Number 275-1, f or use at a stadium construction project.  As he stowed away the front outrigger pad, the approximately 90-pound pad slipped from its holder, fell approximately 30 inches, and struck Employee #1, crushing his left middle finger.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for the finger injury, which required a surgical partial amp utation of the finger.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on February 16, 2016, Employee #1 was loading a powe red industrial truck onto a flatbed trailer that was caught on a security camera . He drove the powered industrial truck in reverse onto the inclined flatbed tra iler and parked it on the slightly downward slope of the flatbed with the front facing the dock wall.  He appeared to drop a chain to secure the powered industr ial truck into a chain grab receptacle on the flatbed and then used a ratchet to tighten the chains.  He did not block the wheels of the powered industrial truc k.  He jumped from the driver side of the flatbed and the powered industrial tru ck began to roll and slide off the side of the flatbed.  Employee #1 began runni ng alongside the flatbed next to the moving powered industrial truck when it rol led and slid off striking him.  Employee #1 hit his head on the dock wall as he was crushed by the powered industrial truck and killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on April 30, 2019, an employee was working for a city's department of parks, recreation, and community facilities. He worked as a heavy equipment o perator. He was walking toward a single-axle dump truck that was parked on an ap proximately 5 degree incline. The truck started to roll backward. The employee t ried to gain access to cab. He lost his grip on the door and fell to the ground. He was run over by the dump truck's left front tire. He suffered abrasions, lac erations, and contusions. He was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 8, 2020, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a roof ing company, were preparing to do re-roofing on a residential structure.  They w ere setting up a platform hoist to lift shingles to the roof when they noticed t he extension section on the hoist's base unit was installed backward.  As they m oved the hoist away from the roof to correct the extension section installation, the hoist made contact with overhead wires.  The three employees sustained seve re electric shock.   Employee #1 was transported to a hospital emergency departm ent, where he died from electrocution that afternoon.  Employee #2 was transport ed to another hospital, where he died from electrocution on September 25, 2020. Employee #3 was transported to a hospital, admitted, treated for burns to his f eet, and discharged four days later.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer heavy construction project.  He was climbing dow n a concrete form when he fell, a fall height of 30 feet.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including a fractured right hip, four to six fra ctured ribs, fractures to the right arm, right wrist, and three fingers, a liver laceration, and a contusion to the pancreas.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on June 30, 2003, Employee #1, of Fulton Plumbing, was sent to a residence in Tahoe City, CA, to service an electric water heater that was reported to be leaking. In checking out the unit, he found a leak around a service plate bolt. To make repairs he needed to drain the water from the tank. Employee #1 got a hose and began connecting the hose under the water heater without shutting off the power. The leak was in the area of the electrical connections located behind a cover plate at the front of the water heater. He removed the cover cover plate, lay down, and was reaching under the water heater to connect the hose when his head contacted the exposed wire connection. Emergency Services was called and first aid was provided by Fire Department Paramedics. Employee #1 was then flown to Washoe Medical Center in Reno, NV, where he was treated for a near fatal electrical shock to the head.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on April 25, 2017, Employee #1 was descending a defective extension ladder.  The ladder did not have cleats at the base of the ladder, and was set up on a concrete slab at an angle of 23.75 degrees, which was shallower than the required angle of 14 degrees. This resulted in the ladder being displaced/slipp ing out from under the employee, causing him to fall to the concrete slab below. Employee #1 sustained fractures to his left arm and right leg, and was hospital ized for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 9, 2006, Employees #1 and #2 were setting up for roofing operations. Overhead power lines (19,900-volt) were located approximately 16 feet from the front of the building. Employees #1 and #2 were standing on a ladder, which contacted a high-voltage line. Both employees were shocked and sustained burns to their hands and feet, for which they were hospitalized. The lines had not been guarded, deenergized, or removed before the employees set up their equipment for the roofing job.
electrocution_fatal	On September 23, 2005, Employee #1 contacted a phase conductor jumper energized with 40-kilovolt of induced energy. He was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On April 27, 2006, Employee #1, a helper with a small home remodeling company, was replacing exterior light bulbs at a diner. His ladder was placed against the front facade of the landing between the diner and a neighboring business. Located nearby was a bundle of electrical cables that powered the lights and possibly the HVAC. Employee #1 climbed to the top of the ladder. He was followed by a coworker. Another coworker and an employee of the diner were holding the bottom of the ladder. At the time of the accident, Employee #1 threw himself onto the landing, intending to pull himself onto the roof, but suddenly was seized by tremors apparently caused by contact with an electrically charged cable. He was eventually freed from the current. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, where he later died.
caught_fatal	At 8:00 p.m. on April 6, 2021, an employee was working on personal time at a tru ck stop helping a coworker prepare for his CDL exam. The employee was in the tru ck's cab and accidently activated the belly dump switch which released the load inside the trailer. The employee and coworker walked to the back of the truck an d attempted moving the rocks from the belly in order to close the under belly. T he coworker entered the truck's cab and moved the truck forward causing the vehi cle to run over the employee who later died.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 28, 2017, an employee was standing outside his truck wh ile putting on his personal protective equipment when he was caught between his truck and an excavator.  The excavator was carrying a section of pipe up a hill and started to slide downhill at an angle going towards the employee's truck.  T he employee was struck by the pipeline before the excavator struck the truck and he fell to the ground.  The employee was killed at the scene from crushing inju ries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on March 9, 2019, an employee and coworker installed paper on a ne w construction roof. At some point, the employee slipped and fell off the roof a nd received severe head laceration and contusions to the left shoulder. The empl oyee was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:47 a.m. on October 22, 2003, Employee #1 and a coworker were removing approximately 8 ft metal flashing material from a wall and replacing it with new flashing material at a one-story commercial building in Los Angeles, CA. They were positioned near the ends of the existing metal flashing material. Employee #1 was sitting on the wall and was holding onto one end of the flashing material when the other end fell and struck an electrical transformer, setting off an arc flash. He suffered first-, second-, and third-degree burns on his face, chest, and arms, as well as on other parts of his body. Employee #1 was transported to Huntington Memorial Hospital and then transferred to the County USC Medical Burn Center. The causal factor was the employer's failure to ensure that suitable enclosures, fences, partitions or other means were provided to prevent accidental contact with exposed energized high-voltage parts.
electrocution_fatal	On July 9, 2008, an electric power installer received an electric shock and fell from a height of 10 ft. He was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:37 a.m. on January 27, 2017, an employee was removing siding with hand tools, while standing on a wood pump-jack scaffold. The scaffold faile d, causing the employee to fall 15 feet to the asphalt driveway below. The emplo yee suffered head trauma and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 22, 2018, an employee was doing exterior carpentry work on t he second level of a house. He lost his balance while walking on a 2 inch by 4 f oot long wood board and fell 10 feet to the ground. The employee was hospitalize d due to unspecified injuries to his back and lacerations to his ears.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:20 a.m. on May 2, 2018, an employee was operating a table saw and amputated his right hand's small finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on January 15, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as climbing on the roof of a residential building.  The employee fell from the r oof.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital for admission and treatment of fractures to both ankles.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on September 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a highway excavation project.  He was walking behind an exca vator that was moving in reverse when he was struck by the excavator, which ran over his lower leg.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital , where his crushed lower leg required surgical amputation.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on March 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an architectural resto ration company, was painting a building's exterior wall.  As he worked from a Lo uisville 10-foot A-frame ladder, he fell, a fall height of approximately 8 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l.  He was admitted and treated for injuries to his head and back.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 12, 2022, an employee used a forklift to place a large m etal pipe onto a welding table. The employee removed the sling from the pipe and started to walk away when the pipe struck the employee and fractured their righ t forearm. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on June 17, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were conversing at a j ob site.  The coworker was operating a stationary Bobcat Skid Loader.  Employee #1's left foot was positioned under the loader's tracks.  The equipment moved fo rward, and Employee #1's left foot was pinned and crushed under the tracks.  He was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for left foot fractures to multiple toes, contusions, and swelling.  He then was released without hospital ization.
caught_fatal	At 4:0 p.m. on March 19, 2019, an employee was operating a mast-climbing work pl atform when it came out of its tracks and fell approximately 30 feet. The employ ee was on the platform when it fell and was caught in between the platform and c oncrete floor, killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	On February 26, 2018, Employee #1 was installing roof flashing at a residence. The metal flashing came into contact with an overhead power line, and Employee # 1 sustained electrical shock and burns.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for sever e electrical burns.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on August 6, 2004, Employee #1, a masonry construction foreman for Timothy R. Pearce Mason Contractor, Inc., was operating a Stihl TS400, 1-in. powered masonry saw, attempting to make a vertical cut through the end webs of the top two 12-in. concrete blocks stacked four high. Before Employee #1 could punch through the end webs the saw violently kicked back, striking him in the front of the throat, severing his windpipe and both carotid arteries. Following the injury, Employee #1 set the saw down, climbed out of the pit he was working in, and ran approximately 50 ft into the building under construction and collapsed. Two coworkers witnessed the incident and ran after Employee #1, applying a shirt to the wound. The Medical Examiner was called to the scene and determined that Employee #1 was deceased.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 24, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker were operating stan dup powered industrial trucks in a warehouse/shipping area. After the coworker u sed a powered industrial truck to deliver a load of chair parts into an assigned outgoing lane, Employee #1 pulled up behind the employee and began adjusting hi s equipment controls. As the coworker began backing out of his lane, he ran into Employee #1, who was stepping off his machine. Employee #1's  left leg was caug ht between the two lifts, resulting in a broken leg. He was hospitalized and tre ated for his injury
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1, a handyman for a homeowner, was working on a metal conduit in a crawl space when he was electrocuted. He was found on his back by his brother on September 4, 2004, approximately three days after he had last been seen. A pair of wire cutters, a 50-volt to 500-volt tester, and tape were near the body. The conduit had two exposed power lines that were underneath Employee #1, but they were not energized. A test of the power lines showed that they may have been energized when Employee #1 was working on them, but it was unclear. His wire cutters were also poorly insulated. Employee #1 sometimes did not work when he was supposed to or worked a few hours a day. Neither his brother nor the owner of the house, who was building a small addition, knew he was working in the crawl space. Employee #1 may have tripped a breaker switch causing a short, or a member of the owner's family could have turned on the power for the circuit Employee #1 was working on, unaware that he was in the crawl space.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 3, 2021,  Employee #1 was performing painting preparation w ork on the first floor. Employee #1 climbed up into the attic above the garage a nd fell through the ceiling, resulting in head injuries.  Employee #1 fell 8.5 f eet through a ceiling to the floor below. Employee #1 was initially hospitalized but later died.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on March 15, 2022, an employee fell from the roof to the ground. The employee was killed and suffered aortic dissection and broken bones.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer heavy construction project.  He was climbing dow n a concrete form when he fell, a fall height of 30 feet.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including a fractured right hip, four to six fra ctured ribs, fractures to the right arm, right wrist, and three fingers, a liver laceration, and a contusion to the pancreas.
fall_fatal	At 5:45 p.m. on August 16, 2019, Employee #1, hired as a handyman by the owner o f a one-story mixed use building (part commercial, part residential apartments), was repairing portions of the building's roof by replacing roofing materials. As he transitioned from the roof onto an extension ladder, the employee fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he di ed from head injuries sustained in the fall.
caught_nonfatal	At about 11:35 a.m. on April 11, 2013, Employee #1, with Elevate Property Services Lp, was using a portable planer at an edge of a door (Portable Planer RYOBI, Model HPL51). As he tried to adjust the height of the blade with his left hand, Employee #1's left gloved ring finger was pulled into the blade, causing amputation of his ring finger to the first knuckle. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on September 24, 2016, Employee #1 was struck by the body of a crane which pushed him through a guardrail.  Employee #1 suffered inte rnal injuries and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 3, 2019, Employee #1 and four coworkers, employed by a c onstruction company, were working at a multi-employer project, the construction of a parking garage.  The employees were lifting a concrete shoring system to wh ich aluminum I-beams had been attached.  Unable to lift the shoring by hand, the y used an electric pallet jack to lift the structure.  During the lifting proces s, one I-beam broke loose and fell, striking Employee #1.  Employee #1 was trans ported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured ankle.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:40 p.m. on July 25, 2019, Employee #1 was operating a Gradall forklift, mo ving a chicken feed tank. The forklift mast came in contact with the overhead 12 K high voltage power line that was across the dirt path. The employee was electr ocuted and killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 30, 2015, an employee had been sitting on an ATV at the r ear of a boom truck observing a coworker who was loading bulk railroad spikes fr om a ground stockpile adjacent to the right of the truck onto the flatbed of the boom truck.  The cranes boom passed over the spike pile to the right, struck s ome tree branches to the right of the spikes, and continued in a clock wise moti on until the ATV was struck on the right side.  The employee was thrown from the ATV as it rolled over onto its left side, receiving fatal injuries.  The employ ee was pronounced dead at the scene, from blunt force trauma to the head.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 14, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was checking the grade of a section of culvert that had been installed.  As he attempted to move out of the way of a Bobcat skid loader, he fell, and the skid loader's right track ran over his leg.  Emergency services transported the empl oyee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
fall_fatal	On June 29, 2016 a coworker was instructed to cut out and move a stanchion and w ire rope guard rail on the 7th floor of a UVM campus dormitory under constructio n.  The area was then danger taped off.  At 6:00 a.m. on June 30, 2016 an employ ee was sent to the 7th floor to place boards on scaffold outriggers to protect m asons on a lower level from drywall operations taking place above.  Employee had not started this work and it did not require him to be in the area from which h e fell.  Employee crossed over into the danger taped off area, to a point on the northeast side where the fall protection had been disabled, and fell from that area 72.5 feet to the ground and was killed.  Initial autopsy report is blunt fo rce trauma to entire body resulting in death.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on august 2, 2017, Employee #1 was working with a crew that was us ing a hydro jet system to unclog the Quick Trip sewer line. After the crew suces sfully dislodged the obstruction, the employee entered the active sewer manhole to visually inspect the condition of the line.The employee collapsed and fell to the bottom of the 7.5 foot deep manhole. The fire department responded and perf ormed atmospheric testing and found elevated hydrogen sulfide levels at approxim ately 193 ppm. Employee #1 was transported by ambulance to the hospital, where h e was treated and released the same day.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 28, 2015, an employee was at work picking an order from the end of row R-13 by using a Raymond (OP4) Order Picker approximately 20 feet above the concrete floor.  While picking the order, the employee fell approxima tely 20 feet to the concrete floor.  The employee was not wearing a harness nor was he attached to the retractable lanyard already connected to the order picker .   The employee was pronounced dead on the scene.
electrocution_fatal	On January 16, 2007, Employee #1 was part of a crew that was replacing a wooden pole with an 80 ft tall steel pole at the rear of a home in Fayetteville, NC. The utility facilities attached to the poles included, from top to bottom, a galvanized steel shield wire, three de-energized and grounded aluminum transmission conductors insulated for 115 kilovolts, three aluminum distribution conductors energized at 12.5/7.2 kilovolts, and an aluminum neutral conductor. In addition, one uninsulated and three insulated galvanized steel guys were attached to the opposite side of the pole behind the shield wire and the transmission and distribution conductors; these were all pulled tightly to anchor rods at ground level. A ground rod had been installed next to the steel pole and connected to it with a short piece of #4 copper wire. The shield wire and transmission conductors had been disconnected from the wood pole and attached to the steel one. The top portion of the wood pole had also been cut off down to the level of the top distribution conductor, which was attached to the steel pole while also still attached to the wood pole. A coworker was using a Lug-All hoist to pull the middle distribution conductor close enough to the steel pole to allow a first-class lineman to attach it to the polymer insulator. During this process, the steel extension link between the steel pole and the insulator inadvertently contacted a steel ring on one end of the metal-bodied hoist. The steel hook on the other end of the hoist was either touching or in close proximity to the energized conductor, resulting in the pole becoming energized. Approximately 10 ft away, on the opposite side of the metal pole from the first-class lineman and working in a separate bucket, was Employee #1, also a first-class lineman. He was using #4 copper wire to bind together all the guys. The copper bonding conductor had been connected to the uninsulated top guy and Employee #1 was preparing to connect it to the next guy. When the pole and uninsulated guy became energized, so did the copper bonding conductor. This created a difference of potential between the copper bonding conductor and the insulated guy. Employee #1 was not wearing rubber gloves and he was electrocuted when he contacted both the energized bonding conductor and the insulated guy.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 31, 2018, Employee #1 was performing interior demolition wo rk at an elevated work area inside of a partially demolished building structure. He had placed a heavy motor at the edge of an unprotected wall opening, 31 feet above the ground, with half of the motor hanging off the edge. With the assista nce of two coworkers, they pushed the motor off the edge. The motor caught on th e employees sleeve or his glove, pulling him out through the wall opening to th e ground below. No guardrails or other fall protection were observed in the area . There was a barrier at the wall opening which was a steel A-frame that went fr om floor to ceiling. Employee #1 sustained a chest compression injury after fall ing and striking an exterior stair railing that was approximately 17 feet above the ground, and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on June 11, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in carpentry work for a new five-story multifamily residential build ing.  He was working on the structure's second level and applying sealant betwee n gaps in the floor panels.  Employee #1 slipped and fell through an opening in the floor, a fall height of approximately 10 feet, and struck the concrete surfa ce of the level  below.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hosp ital, where he was admitted and treated for injuries to his head, shoulder, and ribs.
electrocution_fatal	At 6:45 p.m. on January 14, 2021, an employee was standing at a tractor-trailer' s operating an overhead feed auger. Coworker #1 was standing about 5 - 10 feet s outh of the employee in between the barn and the trailer. The auger was raised a nd rotated over the barn towards the northeast rooftop saddle at the trailer's r ear end. Coworker #1 walked towards the driver door watching the auger as it was lowering. At that time a sudden flash and sparking occurred when the auger's ti p contacted the southern 7,800 volt power line. The employee was electrocuted an d fell to the ground killing him. Coworker #1 approached the employee whose left hand was had been amputated. Coworker #1 attempted to extract the employee whil e avoiding contact with the truck. Once Coworker #1 made contact with the body, an electric shock knocked him down to the ground. Coworker #1 observed the trail er was on fire and stood up, stepped away disoriented and touched the grain wago n which was energized receiving another electric shock. At that point, Coworker #1 left to try to find help as he heard a distinctive noise when the truck tires blew. Coworker #1 sat down and watched as the power went out. At that point, th e decided to enter the truck's cab to retrieve his phone and wallets. He called Coworker #2 to inform him about the accident because he knew that a bystander ha d already called 911. While on the call, Coworker #1 attempted to unhook truck f rom the trailer. He turned off truck's motor, disconnected airlines, and attempt ed to restart it, but could not. Coworker #1 went back to the employee, picked h im up and carried him inside the barn where CPR was performed by a bystander. EM S arrived and attended to the employee prior to removing him for transport by am bulance. When EMS arrived, the rear end of the trailer was still on fire and cou ld not be extinguished until the power line was deenergized, which was performed by the power company around 8:00 p.m.
fall_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 1, 2019, an employee was installing insulation and metal r oofing on a manufacturing plant. The employee stepped from the roofing material, fell through the insulation, and was killed upon striking the concrete floor.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on March 23, 2017, Employee #1 and four Coworkers, employed by a w indow company, was engaged in loading a window onto a delivery truck for deliver y to a job site.  The window weighed 400 to 500 pounds.  Employee #1 and the cow orkers moved the window onto the truck, and Employee #1 began to secure it to th e truck's A frame.  The window dropped onto Employee #1's left hand and pinned h is left hand between the window and frame.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for an amputated left ring finger, a crushed middle finger, and lacerations to other f ingers.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on August 21, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were engaged in excavation work at a multiemployer construction projec t, a residential structure.  They were hand-digging the soil inside a trench for concrete forms.  The trench, which was approximately 8 feet deep, collapsed, an d Employees #1 and #2 were trapped from the waist down.  Emergency services were called, and an hours-long rescue operation was required to free the employees. Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital, treated, and released the same day.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on April 15, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in rehabilitation of a two-story commercial building.  He was worki ng from a scaffold and performing interior drywall finishing on ceilings and wal ls, using both hands to apply drywall compound to the new drywall that had been installed.   The employee inadvertently stepped off the scaffold platform and fe ll 4 to 5 feet to the concrete floor.   The employee was transported to the hosp ital and admitted for treatment of injuries to the shoulder and ribs.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 15, 2021, an employee was assisting coworkers moving an 18,000 pound MRI magnet on a suspended platform. The platform shifted, the ma gnet began to slide, and the employee was pushed through the guardrail and off t he platform by the magnet. The employee was killed when he fell to the roof belo w the platform.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in demolition work at a one-story commercial building.  He was o n the roof and attempting to retrieve a broom to clean the lower level when he f ell through the roof, a fall height of approximately 15 feet, and struck the con crete floor.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractures to his arm, knee, and leg.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on October 9, 2017, Employee #1 was using a dump truck to fill a tr ench with Dirt. After dropping a load, with the bed of the truck still raised, E mployee #1 began driving forward. However, the raised truck bed was too tall and came in contact with an overhead power line. Contact with the live wire resulte d in Employee #1 being electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 24, 2017, an employee had opened the hood of his truck whi le the engine was running to see if he could determine why the air conditioner w as not operating. The employee climbed on top of the truck with one foot on top of the front tire and the other foot beside the truck motor. The employee lost h is balance and reached forward with his right hand to grab something to stop his fall.  He grabbed a moving engine belt and amputated his right middle and ring fingers.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 23, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a wate rproofing company, were engaged in waterproofing work at a nine-story building. They were working from a suspended scaffold with two drum hoists and pendant co ntrols.  As the coworker operated the hoists to raise the scaffold to the sevent h floor, the hoist at one end near Employee #1 suddenly began to operate in the downward direction instead of moving the scaffold upward, as the hoist at the ot her end of the scaffold was doing.  The scaffold platform became askew/unbalance d.  Employee #1, unable to correct the hoist or stop it, became suspended on his rope grab, part of his fall protection system.  The fall protection system work ed properly and prevented Employee #1 from falling.  The coworker then switched his end's hoist to descend and succeeded in synchronizing the two sides of the s caffold.  Employee #1 was suspended for a short time and then was brought down w ith the assistance of emergency services personnel.  Neither employee incurred a ny injury.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on March 26, 2019, an employee was positioning a 72 inch diameter i ndustrial magnet on a set a saw hoses with an alloy steel chain sling attached t o an overhead crane.  The employee reached under the suspended magnet to positio n the saw horse when its lifting lug broke and it fell onto the saw horses.  The employee caught his left hand's index finger between the magnet and the saw hor se, partially amputating his finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:57 a.m. on July 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, wa s working at the site of a new residential structure.  He was gluing sheets of O riented Strand Board (OSB), an engineered wood, to wooden floor joists.  The emp loyee fell off the edge of the floor at the stairway opening, a fall height of 1 0.5 feet, and struck the concrete floor one level down.  The employee required h ospitalization and treatment for pain to the back, head, and ribs.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 17, 2016, an employee performing masonry concrete finishi ng from a swing stage scaffold without a means of fall protection fell and died. The scaffold was displaced when the roll of steel cable hoist line was caught i n the wheels of a moving cement truck. The employee fell and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on June 22, 2017, Employee #1 was using an IST reel and reeling in a coaxial cable on a construction site. However, the coaxial cabl e became untangle with a kink and knot. While untangling the cable, he placed hi s hand on frame of IST Reel. His gloved hand contacted the lower front sprocket of the IST reel and pulled his ring finger into the sprocket, amputating his rig ht ring fingertip. His coworker quickly stopped the reel when he heard him yell. The coworker handed him paper towels and called for supervisor, who drove him t o the hospital. The coworker and a building inspector found his glove, containin g his amputated fingertip, and brought it to the hospital. A surgeon attempted t o reattach his fingertip but was unable. After receiving additional treatment, E mployee #1 was then released from the hospital that same day.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 5:50 a.m. on December 10, 2010, Employee #1 was working with a coworker to move a large bridal roll, 4-ft by 3-ft, and weighing 2,960-lbs, from a staging area to be installed in Bridal Station Number 5. After they finished rigging a cable sling on the bridal roll, Employee #1 began operating the controls for the electric overhead crane. The crane was being used to lift the bridal roll, and while putting tension on the sling during the lift, Employee #1's right index fingertip was crushed between the sling cable and the edge of the bridal roll. An onsite Emergency Medical Team responded, and Employee #1 was treated and then transported to John Muir Hospital in Walnut Creek. His finger tip was amputated, and he was released later that same day.
caught_fatal	At 5:45 a.m. on November 13, 2017, a truck driver disengaged the parking brake a llowing the truck to roll back with the slight grade on the ground that it was p arked on.  The employee did a pre-trip inspection on a 29,000 GVW truck, and got in the truck and was ready to take off, disengaging the parking brake.  For a r eason not known, the employee got out of truck and went to the back of the truck . The truck rolled back pinning the employee between his truck and another truck of the same size that was parked back to back.  The employee was crushed and ki lled.
electrocution_fatal	Two workers were maintaining a sign. A wire fence near the worksite was located about 1.5 meters from a utility pole that supported an overhead power line. The electric utility owning the 24.9-kilovolt, phase-to-phase, power line was obtaining approval to continue the line installation to the worksite. The last pole on the line had a transformer supplying power to traffic lights at the intersection next to the worksite. This pole was leaning to the east and had two guys attached to it. The guys ran along the fence. Because the pole was leaning, the guys were loose. The insulator to which the guys were attached was 203 millimeters from the jumper for the transformer. The two workers climbed over the fence to get to the sign, performed their work, and then climbed back over the fence. As the first worker over the fence was walking towards their truck, the second worker, who was holding a 2.1-meter-tall stepladder, followed him over the fence. The guys had contacted the power line, and the worker contacted the guys. He was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on August 18, 2010, Employee #1 was arranging flagstones in a storage yard. The yard was full with dumped material (stones, broken pipes, bricks, wood, wires, etc.). The house keeping was very poor, and he was told to arrange the stones. Employee #1 did not notice a broken stone-pipe sitting on the edge of a 5 ft high wood-pile, and his fingertip was amputated when it dropped onto his hand. He was taken to a hospital, treated and released.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:20 a.m. on November 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working from a 10-foot A-frame stepladder and using tin snips to demolis h an approximately 19 inches by 9 inches by 25 feet long HVAC duct.  He was work ing alone and with no witnesses.  His foreman found the employee face down on th e ground with the ladder lying next to him.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of blunt force traumatic head inj uries.
fall_fatal	At 8:31 a.m. on January 13, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s engaged in reroofing activity at a one-story commercial building.  He was remo ving old roofing layers down to the structural metal deck.  The metal deck, whic h was deteriorated and corroded away from the open web steel joist and beams, fa iled to hold the employee's weight.  The employee fell through the metal deck to the concrete surface, a fall height of 22.8 feet.  Employee #1 sustained skull fractures and blunt force traumatic brain injury and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 12, 2007, Employee #1 was working when he accidentally contacted a 277-volt line. His heart and breathing stopped, and his fingers were burned, evidently where he touched the line. At the time this report was written, Employee #1 remained in critical condition and in a deep coma.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction fram ing company, was working at a multiemployer construction site, a one-story comme rcial building.  He was working from an elevated deck and supporting insulation board being hoisted by a crane.  Employee #1 stepped backward and fell, a fall h eight of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transport ed to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries to his back and ne ck.
fall_fatal	At 9:41 a.m. on July 27, 2018, Employee #1, #2, and #3 were installing Tyvek hom e wrap to the exterior of a newly built residential dwelling. Two metal work pla tforms were placed between three support poles. Employee #1 and #2 were on a 24 foot work platform placed that was placed on the support poles of a set of pump jack scaffolding. Employee #3 was on the other work platform. The 24 foot work p latform became displaced, and Employee #1 and #2 fell approximately 24 feet to t he ground. Employee #1 suffered head and body injuries, and was killed. Employee #2 suffered bruising and contusions, requiring medical treatment.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 17, 2014, an employee was installing Exterior Insulation Fi nishing System (EIFS) on the garage of a residential structure. The employee, a 36 year old male drywall installer, was working from a baker style scaffold. The fatal accident was witnessed by the employee's coworker. The coworker stated th at the scaffolds platform fell while the employee was sanding the EIFS, causing the employee to fall and strike his head against the end frame. The coworker st ated that the platform was less than five feet off the ground. Emergency personn el were summoned to the scene however, the employee refused treatment. The emplo yee went home for the day. The employee's friend called emergency personnel agai n that evening; however, the employee once again refused treatment. The employee 's friends transported the employee to the hospital after the employee complain ed of headaches and began to vomit. The employee was admitted to the hospital wh ere he died on June 29, 2014 as a result of a subdural hematoma.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on January 29, 2022, an employee was inspecting a transformer that had an oil leak when an arc flash occured. The employee incurred burns to his u pper right hand and left toe and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on June 29, 2005, Employee #1 was disconnecting an 8 ft long fluorescent light fixture that was hung from a suspended ceiling. He had turned off the light switch, and a coworker cut the first two wires. The third wire was live and the conduit was grounded. Employee #1 was trying to strip the live wire when he contacted it and was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:40 a.m. on July 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction heavy eq uipment company, was adjusting the forks on a forklift.  His right ring finger b ecame caught between the forks and the mast of the forklift, resulting in lacera tions and crushing injuries.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admi tted, and treated for the finger injuries.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 28, 2018, an employee was working inside a dump trailer and was standing on top of a load of tree debris.  The employee could not faste n the tarp and needed to trim off limbs to be able to do so.  The employee reach ed for a chain saw, slipped and fell, striking his head against the concrete cur b.  The employee was pronounced dead at the scene from skull and brain injuries.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 21, 2016, an employee was on a roof and fell through a skylight.  The employee landed on a concrete floor and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:40 a.m. on September 5, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in interior carpentr y work for a new two-story residence.  As he tried to split two pieces of wood w ith a shim, a piece of wood broke away and flew out, striking the employee's rig ht eye.  The employee required hospitalization and treatment for a laceration to the eye caused by the wood projectile.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on November 28, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a circular hand saw to rip a two by four piece of wood.  The saw kicked back and amputated Employee #1's thumb.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the amputation.
fall_fatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on November 26, 2014, an employee had been assigned t he task of installing siding while his employer was installing windows at a resi dential building. The employee was working alone. It is believed that the employ ee was most likely stacking boxes of siding onto a rack that was on top of his e mployer's van when the employer found him dead.
struck_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on January 11, 2019, an employee was waiting between two excavators to commence demolition. The wire cable used to pull down a column failed (snapp ed or cut) during the demolition.  The employee was struck by the wire cable and sustained a severe laceration to the neck area.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 18, 2017, an employee was walking on purlins of a roof, lacing insulation, when a portion of the 2 inch by 4 inch purlin broke. The empl oyee fell to the ground and fractured his neck. He was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on July 27, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was erecting a scaffold at a work site.  He fell from the scaffold, a fall heigh t of 12 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis and a fractu red shoulder.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on May 10, 2008, Employee #1 was using a skill saw to cut 6-feet long 2 by 4 inch lumber in two for concrete form work. Employee #1 held the lumber in his left hand with his thumb at the rear of the wood, and the saw in his right hand. In the middle of the cut, Employee #1 felt pain in his left thumb. Immediately Employee #1 stopped the saw, dropped the wood, and found that his left thumb was lacerated. There were no actual witnesses to the accident. The saw was guarded properly and in good working condition. Employee #1 suffered a deep laceration at the tip of his left thumb and was taken to Hollywood Queen Hospital where he was released after a few hours of treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 p.m. on January 16, 2019, an employee was using a fractal Lichtenberg w ood burning technique that applied a strong electrical current that burns and fr actures a piece of wood that had been soaked with mineral water.  The employee w as electrocuted when he came into contact with an energized portion of the equip ment.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 a.m. on May 7, 2012, an employee was working for a company that was patc hing holes in the concrete surface of the I-235 Interstate in Wichita, Kansas. E mployee #1 was operating a mortar mixer. The wheels had been removed from the mo rtar mixer noted, and it had been modified so that it could be rigidly mounted o n the front of a skid-steer-type piece of construction equipment - a Bobcat in t his instance. The mortar mixer would be carried by the Bobcat from a portable dr y-mix truck to the location where the concrete would be dumped. The grating (gua rd) that had been installed at the factory had at some time in the past been rem oved from the mixer. The mixer was being operated without the guard. Employee #1 without being told to do so, habitually cleaned around the edges of the upper p art of the mixing tub with a trowel. In this instance he dropped his trowel into the mixing tub. He reached down the outside of the machine and disengaged the s pring loaded clutch or belt mechanism to disengage the power to the mixer. He th en reached into the tub to get the trowel. Apparently his arms were not long eno ugh to do both things simultaneously. His hand and wrist were caught by the padd les of the mixer. His hand was amputated.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on July 31, 2008, Employee #1 was roofing a house for Bill's Home Improvement. He was working from a ladder. He was electrocuted when his right arm contacted the service line. He fell off the ladder. The service line had uninsulated service clamps and it was not properly protected to prevent contact.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in framing work on the roof of a new two-story residential stru cture.  He was operating a Skilsaw SPT77WM(L) power saw to make a 20 degree rip cut in a roof joist.  The saw kicked back and the blade struck and amputated his thumb.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the thumb amputation.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 1, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker were working for an electrical contractor. The employees were tasked with relocating three conductor s from an old utility pole, measuring about 90 feet tall, to a new tubular steel pole, measuring approximately 130 feet tall.  After two of the conductors had b een relocated, Employee #1 and the coworker, while working from an elevated bask et, began attaching the rigging lines to the third conductor in preparation for separating it from the old pole. The elevated basket, which was attached to a 40 Ton mobile truck crane, was being controlled by a foreman that was located on t he ground. As the elevated basket was repositioned, Employee #1 came into contac t with the third conductor that was energized at 115 kV. The coworker observed s moke coming from Employee #1s body and signaled for the foreman to lower the ba sket. Emergency services were contacted and CPR performed. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby community hospital and soon transferred to another medical center f or treatment where he died.  The incident investigation identified that Employee #1 and the coworker had bonded the basket and rigged a conductor grip (attached to a line to a block then running to the ground) to the bottom phase; however, removed the bond just before repositioning the basket before attempting to trans fer the third conductor.
caught_fatal	At approximately 2:10 p.m. on October 20, 2017, an employee was working for a fi rm that installed signs for outdoor advertising. He was tying down a mesh banner . His leg got caught by the banner, and the employee was flung into the air. He fell to the ground, sustained multiple broken bones, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servi ces company, was working from a ladder and relocating an electrical exit sign. He sustained an electric shock and fell from the ladder.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on May 19, 2021, an employee painted guidelines on pavement to deli neate an area to be milled. At some point, the employee was struck and killed by a dump truck that began to back up.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on March 25, 2014, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were j umping a gin pole, moving it, when the wire rope sling for the gin pole top bloc k failed. This caused the two communication towers to collapse on top of Employe e #1 and Employee #2, killing them.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was engaged in plumbing installation at a new multifamily residential structure, a multiemployer construction project.  He was standing on a 6-foot ladder and u sing a hole saw to drill a 4-inch hole into the top plate.  The saw kicked back and struck the employee's face.  The employee fell, a fall height of 5 feet.  He was treated for a bruised shoulder, lacerations to his arms and legs, and two b roken teeth.  He was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on June 3, 2015, Employee #1 was assisting in the in stallation of sheet-metal flashing along a roof drip edge.  He was on a ladder, either accessing a pick, ladder-Jack, or descending from the pick, and fell 16 f eet.  He struck his legs on a chain link fence and struck the ground on his back and died.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on January 15, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a utility company, w as replacing a utility pole.  An insulator on the pole failed, resulting in an e lectric arc.  The electric current travelled through Employee #1, who was electr ocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on March 28, 2017 at 12:45 PM, six carpenters were m anually lifting a seven foot by eighteen foot balloon wall on a new residential home when the bottom straps came undone.  The wall to fell down on two employees . One employee suffered a fractured vertebra and was taken to hospital by the fi re department where he was hospitalized. The other employee suffered minor injur ies to the back and shoulder.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:45 p.m. on August 6, 2015, Employee #1 parked his tow truck a nd exited it.  His truck started to roll and he jumped in front of it to try and stop it.  The truck continued to roll and pinned him between his truck and anot her parked truck. Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 30, 2006, Employee #1 was working on an energized, 277-volt overhead lighting circuit, from a scissor lift. As he was working, he received an electric shock and fell 20 feet to the cement floor. He struck a rack of shelves while falling. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, where he was treated for minor cuts and bruises and released the same day.
struck_nonfatal	On August 18, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction comp any, were working at a multiemployer construction project.  They were working fr om a swing stage scaffold and engaged in forming walls.  The two employees desce nded to ground level to get materials and equipment.  As they carried the materi als up to the scaffold platform, the platform wire rope snapped and the scaffold platform fell to the ground.  Both workers were protected by the fall protectio n equipment they were wearing.  However, Employee #1 was struck by equipment and materials and fell several floors before the fall protection equipment stopped his fall.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries to his back, arm, and legs .
fall_fatal	On March 3, 2022, an employee was working as a truck driver for a firm that trea ted and disposed of nonhazardous waste. He drove heavy trucks and tractor-traile rs. As he was driving, his truck was struck by or ran into some overhead fiber o ptic cable. The driver's door of the truck was pinned shut by the cables. The em ployee climbed out of the truck's cab through the window and onto the cab. While attempting to dislodge the cable, he fell 9 feet (2.7 meters) to the ground. He suffered a severe head injury. He died.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:05 p.m. on January 7, 2010, Employee #1 was performing a regularly assigned task of unloading his truck with a pallet jack. Employee #1 was trying to move a pallet with his hand when the pallet jack rolled and crushed his hand between the pallet and the pallet jack. Employee #1 suffered a partial amputation to his right thumb. Employee #1 was working alone and no one saw the accident. Employee #1 was transported to Western Hand. The facility involved in the accident is Randal Foods. The injured employee had been working there for 15 years performing duties of a Truck Driver, including Delivering food to distribution warehouses. Randal Foods did not report the accident.  The Division was notified of the accident on May 13, 2011, by reviewing their Log 300 and initiated an inspection on June 21, 2011.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 a.m. on November 21, 2017, an employee had adjusted a chain with the ele ctric-driven motor in the off position.  The employee turned the motor on and th en oiled and greased the chain and sprocket assembly.  The employee grabbed a ra g to remove some oil or grease from the center of the chain and sprocket and the rag was pulled into the machinery, catching his left hand in the in-running sec tion of the smaller sprocket.  The employee amputated three fingers and fracture d two others on his left hand.  One finger was reattached surgically and the emp loyee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	On January 8, 2010, Employee #1 was helping a coworker, a truck driver. The coworker was driving an over the road truck with double bottom dump trailers on to a single lane road with no exit. The bottom dump trailer was a 1989 Fruehauf Dump Trailer, Vehicle ID Number 1H4H02023KJ028614, and California License Number 4BF8782. Employee #1 was attempting to pull and direct the truck trailer combination backwards using a tow chain. The driver was backing the truck and pushing the trailers out to a point where the truck-trailer combination could turn around. After moving the trailers back approximately 3 ft, the trailer combination became crooked. The driver drove the truck forward to pull the trailers back into a straight line behind the truck, unaware that Employee #1 had gone under the rear trailer to remove the tow chain. He was run over by the rear tires and hospitalized with fractures to both legs.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 13, 2022, an employee was assisting the owner with repairs/ maintenance of a skid loader. The lift arm fell onto the employee's head. The em ployee was pronounced dead at the scene by emergency personnel. The employee was struck by the lift arms and fork attachments of the skid loader.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 28, 2003, Employee #1, a roofer with B & L Masonry in Sunnyvale, CA, was working with a foreman on a three-tiered scaffold erected behind a building near high voltage lines. He was cutting pieces of wire and handing them to the foreman. Employee #1 cut a 10 ft long section of wire but got too close to the 39 ft high power line, resulting in an electric arc. He was knocked off the scaffold and fell 24 ft to the ground. Employee #1 suffered electrical burns to his left hand and foot. He was transported to Valley Medical Center in San Jose, CA, where he was hospitalized for three days.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 3, 2020, an employee was working in a trench to receiv e a manhole cone as it was lowered into the excavation. As the excavator operato r lifted the arm out of the trench, a chain attached to the arm of the excavator caught onto the lifting point of the cone, which caused it to slip off and fall onto the employee. The employee received traumatic injuries to the face, head a nd neck and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on August 18, 2016 an employee was cleaning off the tailgate after delivering new back fill gravel. A skid steer backed into and crushed the emplo yee against the tailgate of the dump truck and the employee died.
struck_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on June 10, 2020, an employee was struck by a falling excavation bu cket and killed by unspecified injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an excavation services company, was operating a boom truck to hydro-wash an agricultural standpipe.  A s he raised the boom, it struck against overhead power lines transmitting 12,000 kilovolts of electricity.  Employee #1 sustained flash burns to his body.  Emer gency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted a nd treated for electrical shock and burns.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 3, 2018, an employee was working for a firm that engaged in the construction of highways, streets, and bridges. He was setting or adjusting a bridge plank on the ground adjacent to a steel bridge truss that was being re located in a storage lot. The steel bridge truss spanned between 3.4 meters (11 feet) and 21.3 meters (70 feet) tall. During relocation, the truss tipped over a nd fell on the employee, crushing his skull. He was killed.
fall_nonfatal	On December 27, 2013, Employee #1, a sprayer, was working for a company that applied material spray into large roof spaces. He used a large hose to apply the material. As he pulled the hose to a section of a warehouse's roof for material spray, he tripped and fell through its sky light. Employee fell approximately 28 ft onto the warehouse flooring below. As he fell, Employee #1 struck a partial wall during the fall. He suffered fractured ribs, pelvis and ankle in the fall as well as general body trauma. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he underwent surgery and was then hospitalized for postoperative treatment and care over 10 days.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 29, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing repairs on t he flat metal roof of a commercial building.  He was tearing off old roofing mat erial when he stepped on a damaged section of the roof and fell through, a fall height of 15 feet.  The employee required hospitalization to treat serious head and face injuries.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 p.m. on October 11, 2021, Employee #1 parked his personal vehicle next to a truck, which had been unhooked from the milk trailer, to remove and transfe r his personal belongings from the passenger side of the truck to his personal v ehicle. The door on the passenger side was open.  Employee #1 fell backward from the inside, from either the truck cab floor area (49 inches) or the first step (32 inches) to the cement parking lot below, as he stepped down from the truck t o get off/out of the truck to transfer his personal belongings to his personal v ehicle. The employee was killed due to a head injury and loss of consciousness.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on March 23, 2107, an employee was replacing a blow bar while stand ing on a rotor when a coworker removed the safety pin causing the rotor to rotat e and pin the employee between the structure and rotor.  The employee suffered a deep laceration to their leg.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 21, 2018, an employee was unloading solar panels and equipme nt to a customer location from a truck.  The employee's left hand was caught in the gate mechanism while operating the automatic lift gate and amputated the fin gertips of his middle and ring fingers.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on March 25, 2020, Employee #1 and Employee #2  arriv ed to the land lot and would drill the ground and parked the vehicle underneath of the power line. Then, Employee #1 and Employee #2 exit the vehicle and walked to the back of the vehicle to operate the drill.  While raising the drill, the drill came in contact with the power line that was 17.5 feet above them.  Employ ee #1 and Employee #2 were  electrocuted and killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 28, 2018, an employee was changing the battery in his forkl ift and was using an overhead hoist to lift the discharged battery that weighed approximately 3,200 lbs.  The employee was struck by the battery when it fell of f of the forklift and landed on his right foot, amputating his large toe.  Hospi talization was not required.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a marine contractor, was lifting up a plate washer being used with a heavy metal rod to break up concret e.  The metal rod slipped out of his hand, striking the plate washer.  The emplo yee's left index finger was pinched between the plate and the concrete seawall. The finger was crushed and degloved to the first joint.  The employee received medical treatment for the finger injury but was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 30, 2018, an employee was working for a company that specia lized in the installation of gates and windows. As the employee was located on a sidewalk near the business workshop, he was struck by a work van that his cowor ker had lost control of. He was pinned between the van and the business entrance wall, resulting in his death.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:24 a.m. on June 23, 2021, an employee was wrapping a power pole with a cov er when he contacted an energized 23 kilovolt phase line with his arm. The emplo yee was killed when he was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on February 22, 2020, an employee was installing aluminum panels on the roof of a new thirteen story building. The employee's lanyard was not corre ctly attached to an HVAC leg and at some point fell one hundred and thirty feet and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on March 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was using an impact gun and torquing/twisting the bolts on a section of the bott om panel of a transmission structure that had been placed on temporary spacers. The upper panel, which was not properly secured, slowly lowered and struck the employee's head, which was pinched between the two panels.  Emergency services t ransported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of head and face injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 24, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as removing scaffolding at a commercial building site.  The employee stepped on an unsecured board and fell, striking the ground and a piece of rebar.  The empl oyee required medical treatment for a fractured rib and a sprained wrist.  The e mployee was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on September 10, 2013, an employee was installing insulation on th e roof of a steel building.  The employee stepped off the metal decking onto the insulation and fell 20 feet to the concrete floor below. The employee died from blunt force trauma to the head and body.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 8, 2021, the employee was driving a forklift that went off the road, rolled down an embankment, and pinned the employee underneath it. The employee was extracted from the accident and  transported to the hospital, wher e the employee later died after being crushed.
struck_fatal	At 5:10 a.m. on January 20, 2021, an employee was found unconscious on the floor at his work place. None of the employee's coworkers were present at the time of the incident, but it is assumed that the employee fell and hit his head on the end of the conveyor. A coworker (a supervisor) arrived on site shortly after the incident occurred and found the employee unconscious. The employee was hospital ized with blunt trauma to the head and later died on March 3, 2021 while in the hospital.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 21, 2017, Employee #1, a construction site superintendent was working at a multiemployer construction project, a commercial building.  He was at the bottom of an elevator pit and welding pieces of rebar to construct a permanent ladder down into the elevator pit.  He was operating a Lincoln Electri c arc welding machine at 120/240 volts.  As Employee #1 laid down the stinger of the arc welder in order to clean the weld he had just made, his arm contacted t he welding rod that was in the stinger, and he sustained an electric shock to hi s arm.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital.  He was treated for the electric shock and released that evening.
electrocution_fatal	On February 24, 2003, Employee #1 and coworkers were cleaning up after a paint job on a 2,000 sq. ft. home. Employee #1 helped a coworker lower a 40 ft extension ladder by retracting it to 20 ft. The coworker then began carrying it to the company van when he tripped. Employee #1 grabbed the ladder to help him, and then told the coworker that he could take the ladder. The coworker agreed, and Employee #1 began carrying the ladder toward the back of the van, which was parked directly under a 13,200 volt phase-to-ground power line that ran across the yard. Employee #1 was preparing to load the ladder into the van when it contacted the top power line and he was electrocuted. The top power line was 21 ft from the ground while the neutral line was 17 ft from the ground.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on February 4, 2017, an employee was cleaning up a wo rk site below a new masonry construction of a commercial building.  The employee was struck in the head when a masonry brick/block fell to the exterior of the b uilding from the third floor.  The employee was killed with multiple skull fract ures.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 25, 2012, an employee was climbing an electrical tower and contacted an electrical wire. The employee was electrocuted and fell.
electrocution_fatal	On October, 6, 2009, Employee #1, of Ridgwood Contractors, Inc., was installing roofing on a church. He was using a JLG boom lift to maneuver a sheet of aluminum roofing material to another worker on the roof when the panel touched a nearby 7,200 volt conductor, electrocuting him. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on October 15, 2014, an employee was returning to his tractor trailer that an excavator was loading with demolished concrete. As the excavator was dropping a load of concrete into the rock-trailer, a piece of conc rete fell and struck the employee's left leg. The lower portion of the employee' s left leg was amputated.  The employee died from complications from his initial injury.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on March 20, 2018, Employee #1, a foreman, was working with his roo fing crew, tearing off an existing roof of an apartment complex. The crew was us ing hand tools (shovels, pitch fork, wheelbarrow, and steel pry bar) to tear off the roof.  Employee #1 used an extension ladder to access the top of the carpor t. As Employee #1 walked across the carport roof, the roof material gave way ben eath him, and he fell eight feet to the concrete surface below. As Employee #1 f ell through the carport, he struck his head against the roof, and then on the co ncrete surface below.  At the time of the event, Employee #1 was wearing a hard hat. Employee #1 was transported to a nearby medical center where he was treated ; however, died seven days later.
fall_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on December 8, 2018, an employee was building a shed.  The employee fell from a ladder onto a concrete floor and was killed due to injuries to the head.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 19, 2008, Employee #1 was using a 0.5-in. Milwaukee Hole Hawg right-angle drill (Model No. 1675-1) to drill into the base plate of some wood wall framing. After beginning the drilling operation, he placed his left hand on the handle and pulled the drill down towards the base plate. As he did this, his finger became caught between the tool and the wooden frame, crushing it. He was taken to Peninsula Hospital, where the first phalange of his left index finger was amputated. He was released 4 hours later from the emergency room.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:05 p.m. on May 10, 2018, an employee was cutting 2x6 lumber with a miter s aw and noticed a wood sliver that was partially blocking the lower port where th e vacuum lined was hooked.  The employee was removing it when the saw blade caug ht his glove and pulled his hand into the blade.  The employee partially amputat ed his right thumb, fractured his finger and lacerated two nerves.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as walking across the metal roof of an auto dealership.  The employee stepped th rough a skylight and fell to the concrete floor.  He was transported to the hosp ital, where he was admitted for treatment of fractures to both arms.
struck_fatal	At 9:14 a.m. on August 31, 2017, two employees were preparing to replace a pole used to keep netting in place at a golf course driving range. Employee#1 was ope rating a Genie S-85 4X4.  Employee#1 side loaded the boom on an incline and proc eeded to elevate the boom and basket when it rolled over on its side. Employee#1 was fatally injured.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:32 a.m. on May 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a remodeling company, was working at a single family residence.  He was on a 6-foot scaffold and using a Sawzall reciprocating saw to cut a piece of lumber when the saw kicked back.  Th e employee lost his balance and fell from the scaffold 6 to the concrete floor. The employee was transported to the hospital for treatment of a laceration to t he head, laceration and swelling to the right wrist and leg, a bruised and black eye, and back pain.  He was released without hospitalization.
caught_fatal	On September 13, 2010, Employee #1 was moving a water truck across the road (he never got across) from a graded lot area. The truck rolled down a hill and Employee #1 attempted to jump from the truck as it was moving. The truck struck a ditch, it started to lean and threw Employee #1 from the running board of the truck where he was standing. The truck rolled over, landed on him and pinned him between the ground and the truck, fatally crushing him.
fall_nonfatal	On November 25, 2013, Employee #1, a foreman, and Coworker #1, both employed by Century Mobile Homes, a mobile home installation and repair company, were involved in re-roofing a mobile home. Coworker #1 had covered half the relatively flat roof with a tarp at the end of the previous day, and that half of the roof was clean and dry when he removed the tarp the morning of November 25, 2013. The other half of the roof had not been covered, because they did not plan to work on it on this day. Employee #1 had just arrived and accessed the dry portion of the roof by ladder. According to his statement during the subsequent investigation, he was unaware that half the roof was still wet and icy, and he did not notice any ice as he walked to the middle section of the roof. As he stood near the roof's edge, he reached down and picked up a roofing starter strip. His feet slipped out from under him, possibly due to his stepping onto an icy area of the roof. He fell off the roof to the dirt below, a fall height of 11 feet 3 inches. Emergency services were called. The Humbolt Bay Fire Department responded and transported Employee #1 to St. Joseph Medical Center, where he was admitted and treated for a spinal fracture. He required spinal surgery. Employee #1 remained hospitalized for six days. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by the Humbolt Bay Fire Department. Cal/OSHA initiated its investigation on December 10, 2013.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 p.m. on June 21, 2013, an employee was investigating a residential elect rical outage in an isolated wooded area.  The employee was searching the area fo r a downed overhead 14,400 volt single phase primary wire when the employee came into contact with the wire that was in the brush and was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on March 3, 2009, Employee #1 was standing between a company owned 1998 Chevrolet Silverado 2500 3/4 ton 4x4 pickup truck, VIN # 1GCGK24R9WE221654, and a locked gate. As Employee #1 attempted to unlock the gate, the truck rolled forward, pinning and crushing him between the truck and the gate. Two neighbors who were driving by found Employee #1. One of the neighbors went for help, while the other checked the truck and found that the truck was not running, but in gear, and the emergency brake set. He started the truck, and leaving the emergency brake on, backed the truck up approximately one foot. Employee #1 fell to the ground. The neighbor left the truck in gear, shut the motor off, and began pulling Employee #1 away from the front of the truck. The truck began moving forward. The neighbor chocked the tires with rocks and continued to pull Employee #1 away from the front of the truck. CPR was attempted. Employee #1 was determined to be dead and transported to the Tri State Mortuary Service by the Whitesville Fire Department.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 13, 2017, an employee was standing behind a block wall, assisting in building a dividing wall with large concrete blocks.  One employee was behind the wall being built, with a chain link fence behind him.  The wall became unstable when moved by a skidsteer and fell on the employee.  The employe e was pinched between the wall being built and the chain link fence behind him, resulting in an amputation on the employee's left leg below the knee.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 4, 2020, Employee #1 was unloading a trailer when he fe ll off the trailer onto the ground. He died from a head injury sustained in the fall.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on May 15, 2015, an employee was assisting coworkers performing woo d framing for a house.  The employee fell while climbing a ladder to bring bottl es of water to the coworkers on the second level of the home.  The employee suff ered a fatal head injury with contact to the basement concrete floor.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on November 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was operating a Caterpillar 259D skid steer loader and attachments to clear brush and move dirt from a meadow where a tourist club parking lot was to be con structed.  The employee was working in the area designated for the parking lot a nd using the skid loader with bucket attachment to load up the hopper.  Once the hopper was full, the employee removed the bucket attachment from the loader, pl aced the bucket next to the hopper, and proceeded to drive the loader up an unev en slope/hill to retrieve the forklift attachment that would be used to pick up the hopper and move its contents elsewhere.  As the employee was driving forward uphill without an attachment connected to the loader, unaware that removal of t he attachment negatively impacted the stability and control of the loader, the e quipment hit a tree root.  The angle of the slope, which ranged from 32 degrees to 50 degrees, was approximately 47 degrees at the point of impact.  The loader flipped backward approximately three times and slid 23 feet down the slope befor e stopping.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported by air to the hospital.  He was admitted and underwent surgery for head and chest i njuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 15, 2021, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by a c ompany in the solar energy field, were preparing to install new solar panels on the roof of a single-story residence.  Employee #1, the crew leader, was directi ng the work and marking studs when he stepped back onto a canvas tarp that was h ung in the corner where the main house and an addition connected at 90 degrees. The tarp was hung to provide shade to an air conditioning unit that was on the ground immediately below the tarp.  Employee #1 fell through the tarp and struc k the air conditioner before impacting the ground.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to the collarbone and ri bs.  During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that the crew had no t performed an initial hazard assessment and had not used fall protection.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 18, 2017, an employee was accessing a roof by way of a f iberglass extension ladder. The ladder rested on cement pavers and was tied off to the eves of the roof using bungee cords. As the employee stepped from the lad der to the roof, which was approximately 12 feet above ground level, the ladder' s base slipped from the cement pavers. The employee fell and struck the ground. He was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury.  The incident investi gation revealed that the cement pavers that the ladder's base was resting on wer e covered in water and ice.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 28, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a frami ng and carpentry company, were working at the construction site for a multifamil y residential building.  They were rolling steel beams intended for floor suppor t when Employee #1 reached down to assist Coworker #1.  Employee #1's left hand was struck and caught by a rolling beam.  Emergency services were called, and Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation of his left hand's middle finger.
fall_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on March 18, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roofin g company, were engaged in roofing activity at a commercial construction site. As the coworker held a ladder at its base, Employee #1 climbed the ladder to gai n access to the roof.  As he attempted to secure the ladder with a bungee cord, the cord snapped, causing Employee #1 to fall.  He fell a height of 30 feet and struck the pavement. Employee #1 sustained traumatic head injuries and was kille d.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on December 18, 2017, an employee was completing some framing work on a roof and fell from it.  The employee suffered multiple back fractures and w as hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on October 16, 2017, Employee #1 was using a circular saw to cut a board that measured four feet by five feet by one inch. During cutting, the blad e contacted Employee #1's left hand, causing an amputation to his left pinky fin ger. He was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 5, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction fr aming contractor, were erecting the frame for a new multilevel single-family res idence.  They were standing on a 13.25-inch wide wood scaffold plank approximate ly 6 feet 11.5 inches above the ground and installing an 8-foot long ledger on t he top frame of the basement.  As Employees #1 and #2 were placing the ledger in the bolts, the plank they were standing on fell.  Both employees fell, and the ledger fell onto Employee #1's right hand.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for cr ushing injuries to his hand.  His fingers required amputation.  During the subse quent investigation, differing opinions emerged about the weight of the ledger t hat fell on Employee #1's hand.  Estimates ranged from 35 to 50 pounds to 150 po unds to 250 pounds.  The investigation determined that the scaffold plank the em ployees were standing on was not adequately secured to the scaffold frame.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:40 p.m. on July 24, 2018, an employee was framing a sheer wall. At some poi nt, the employee stepped onto a sheet of unmarked, unsecured plywood covering a floor opening. The employee fell eleven feet through the opening and received fr actures to three ribs and left should and a head laceration. The employee was ta ken to a local hospital for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 25, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was using a table saw to rip a wood board at a commercial building site.  The employee was pushing the board with his left hand.  When he reached to turn the power switch off with his right hand, the board kicked back, and his left hand was pulled into the blade.  One finger was amputated by the saw, and two other f ingers lacerated.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment.  A physician treated the amputation and needed to surgically amputat e the two severely lacerated fingers.
caught_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on March 12, 2012, an employee was operating a forklift.   The empl oyee's left foot got caught between a stationary post and the lift.  The left fo ot was crushed, and the employee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On April 10, 2013, two employees (Employee #1, Employee #2), with Masonry Medic LLC, were in a boom truck doing repair work on a chimney, when the basket came in contact with a 7200 volt power line. Employee #1 was killed. No additional information was provided about Employee #2.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on August 9, 2020, an employee was pulling plywood over an opening on a  structural steel platform approximately 14 foot above the ground when he f ell through the opening. The employee incurred back and rib injuries from impact with the concrete floor below and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	On January 24, 2014, Employee #1, employed by G.P.S. Plumbing, was working at a single family residence. He was in his assigned work area, a trench measuring 4 feet 6 inches deep, and was in the process of drilling a hole in the foundation wall of the house so his employer, who had been subcontracted by the General Contractor, could connect plumbing pipe to the main water/sewer line. A 30-foot high pump jack scaffold was located directly above the trench. An unidentified object struck Employee #1 in the head. Emergency services were called at 12:14 p.m. on January 24, 2014, and the Montgomery County (Maryland) Fire and Rescue Department responded with a fire engine, a medic vehicle, and a rescue squad vehicle. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he died from head injuries. This event was reported to Maryland OSHA (MOSH) by the Montgomery County Fire and Rescue Department. When the MOSH investigator arrived at the scene, it was determined that the injured worker had been transported to the hospital. Several contractors had packed their possessions and abandoned the job site. After obtaining opening conference information from the General Contractor, the investigator determined that this was Employee #1's first day on this job site. Employee #1 was a subcontracted employee, employed by the plumbing contractor. According to the General Contractor, Employee #1 was not wearing a hard hat when he was struck in the head by an unknown object. Employee #1's employer was not on the job site and was not able to be contacted on the day of inspection. Subsequently, the MOSH investigator did make contact with and interviewed the owner of G.P.S. Plumbing. The employer stated that the fatally injured worker had been the owner's son-in-law, who did not regularly work for the company but had recently asked for work because he was unemployed due to winter weather. The employer provided a detailed account, stating he had instructed Employee #1 on the task that needed to be performed. According to the employer, because of unusual circumstances of weather and time, the employer was not able to ensure that Employee #1 had been trained to recognize hazards associated with work being performed. The employer further stated that he had not been able to do a workplace hazard assessment to ensure the workplace was free from recognized plain-view hazards.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on November 4, 2014, an employer was lowering the pi le driver on the barge to move it to another location on Lake Guntersville, AL. An employee was getting ready to lower the pile driver so they could move it to another location. The employee removed the pins before they could connect the hy draulic actuator that lowers the pile driver. By removing the pins the pile driv er fell on the employee, killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 15, 2019, an employee worked to grade a trench floor w ith dirt and gravel. At some point, the operator of an excavator (John Deere 350 D) moved to place the boom over the trench box the employee stood in while in th e trench. For an unspecified reason, the excavator bucket detached, fell and str uck the employee. The employee was hospitalized to treat a leg fracture.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on March 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, wa s engaged in painting work at a two-story residence.  He was walking along the d riveway when he tripped and fell over an electrical cable stretched across the s urface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for hip and leg fractures.
caught_nonfatal	On August 25, 2010, Employee #1 was working for a manufacturer of components used in electrical power distribution. The employee was using a Dayton 17 in. drill press (Model Number 32918F, Serial Number D2007070248) to drill holes in steel tubing. The square steel tubing was 3 in. by 3 in., and the employee was using a .75 in. drill bit. There was a small squirt can of lubricating oil on the drill table. As he reached over to grab the can with his right hand, his glove was pulled into the rotating bit and his right thumb was crushed and amputated before he could get his hand away from the drill bit. Employee #1 lost his right thumb completely, surgery was performed and he was hospitalized for about twenty-one hours. NOTE: The narrative described that the employee was not hospitalized (less than 24 hours) and the accident summary reflects that the employee was hospitalized (Degree: 2).
caught_fatal	At approximately 5:40 p.m. on June 19, 2013, Employee #1 was driving a garbage truck for a recycling company. The truck was a Ford truck with a McNeilus rear-loading trash body. It belonged to the recycling company. It had the vehicle identification number (VIN) 3FEXF8011XMA10183. The truck had broken down while on a garbage route. A 1999 Western Star model 4964FX wrecker truck, with VIN 2WKPDDXJ6XK956716, belonging to a wrecker company, towed the Ford back to the recycling company's facility. It was driven by the wrecking truck company's driver. Employee #1 was standing on the right rear side (passenger side) of the garbage truck, directing the wrecker's driver into a parking area. A semitrailer, with company serial number 4311 and annual inspection label number 9645110, was parked in the area that the wrecker truck and garbage truck were being backed into. The bottom of the parked trailer was approximately 49 inches (1.24 meters) from the ground. The top edge of the loading mechanism on the right rear of the garbage body was approximately 57 inches (1.45 meters) from the ground. The wrecker driver had been watching Employee #1 in the right-hand side (passenger side) mirror. He had quickly glanced in the left mirror and then back again to the right mirror to watch Employee #1. The driver could not see Employee #1, so he stopped the truck. He went behind the garbage truck, where he saw Employee #1 pinned between the garbage truck and the parked semitrailer. The driver ran back to the tow truck and pulled the wrecker truck and garbage truck ahead. Employee #1 had been crushed. He was pronounced dead at a hospital.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 27, 2002, Employee #1, the foreman, and a coworker were checking for leaks in a newly re-covered roof. It had been raining and both the men and their clothing were wet. While checking for a leak in the area of the #2 substation, Employeee #1 opened a cabinet to see if there were any signs of water inside on the concrete roof pad. At approximately 9:15 a.m., his wet metal hammer contacted a portion of the energized 12,470-kilovolt switchgear, and he received an electric shock. The coworker was underneath the roof at the time of the accident, but he heard the noise of the arc flash and noticed that all the power in the facility went out. When he went to the rooftop to investigate, he found Employee #1 lying next to the cabine,t with burns over the upper half of his torso. Employee #1 suffered third-degree burns to both of his hands, and second- and first-degree burns to his arms, shoulders, and neck, and first-degree burns to his head and face. He was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for two to three weeks.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:40 p.m. on May 8, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in a commercial building de molition.  He was using a cordless reciprocating saw to cut the seams of a 6-inc h thick by 4-foot wide by 12-foot long insulated drop ceiling panel.  He was pos itioned between the ceiling joist and the drop ceiling when the ceiling broke fr ee from the suspension rods and fell.  The employee fell and struck the concrete floor, a fall height of 11.5 feet.  He was transported to the hospital, where h e was admitted for treatment of four fractured ribs and a collapsed lung.
fall_fatal	At 2:49 p.m. on December 16, 2015, an employee was told to "roll-up" for the day . The employee fell off the roof and struck the concrete surface below and was k illed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on January 12, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a co nstruction company, were working at a multiemployer construction site for a resi dential building.  They were installing a trim board on the eve of the house's r oof.  Employee #1 had used an aerial lift to transport the trim board up to the roof.  He stepped out of the lift basket and detached his fall protection lanyar d from the lift.  As he held the trim board for Coworker #1, Employee #1 stepped on tape that was holding down the roof's vapor barrier.  He slipped and fell, a fall height of 13 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured foot.  E mployee #1's injury required surgery.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on July 25, 2019, Employee #1, during his first day of employment with a roofing contractor, and without receiving hazard training from the employ er, was performing roofing work at a two-story residential structure.  As he att empted to climb down a ladder from the roof, the employee fell.  He was transpor ted to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to his head, shoulde rs, and arm.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on August 8, 2016, Employee #1 was standing on the rear of a traile r on top of a large metal form, attempting to secure it for travel. The metal fo rm toppled over and fell off of the trailer, striking Employee#1 in the chest as he and the form fell to the ground, killing him..
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:10 p.m. on September 20, 2010, Employee #1 was on the ground, underneath six, 230-kilovolt overhead power lines, which had been grounded by ground cables. Employees in a bucket truck removed five ground cables from five lines. As Employee #1 removed the ground cable that was attached to the bucket truck and the ground cable that was attached to the sixth overhead power line, he was electrocuted and killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a power transmission ser vices company, was installing new overhead electrical lines.  He made contact wi th an energized, 7,200-volt line and was shocked and burned.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for electric shock and third-degree burns.
fall_nonfatal	On May 12, 2017, an employee was attaching an airline to a trailer while standin g in the truck bed.  The employee fell approximately 3 feet from the trailer and landed on the concrete ground, lacerating their head.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on May 11, 2018, Employee #1 was working at the site of a two-story residential construction project.  He was erecting a 2nd floor exterior wood-fr amed wall measuring 10 feet by 20 feet when a gust of wind blew the wall over. As the wall fell, it struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for mult iple fractured spinal vertebrae.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 14, 2014, an employee was connecting the hook from the t ruck crane to the pallets of concrete beams to be off loaded when the employee b ent over near the edge of the truck, stood up, then fell over the edge to the gr ound. The employee was killed in the fall.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 20, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, us ed a ladder to access the roof of a one-story commercial building.  He fell thro ugh a skylight, a fall height of 25 feet.  Employee #1 sustained trauma to the h ead and multiple internal organs and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in exterior carpentry at a multiemployer construction project, a r esidential building.  He was descending from a carpenter bracket scaffold when t he scaffold shifted, the ladder moved, and he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transpor ted to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured right leg.
caught_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on October 24, 2013, Employee #1 was placing a sanita ry sewer line in a trench. The 14 ft trench was without any means of protective systems and it caved-in on Employee #1 as he worked. Employee #1 was struck by a nd engulfed in Class B soil from a trench collapse and died.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 18, 2002, Employees #1 through #3 were using an extension ladder when it contacted a high voltage power line. All three employees received electric shocks, and were hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 6:33 a.m. on December 16, 2020, Employee #1, an iron worker apprentice employ ed by a steel erection company, and a jobsite coworker who was operating a crane , were engaged in steel erection during construction of a new two-story commerci al building.  Employee #1 was preparing to connect one end of a rod - which woul d act as a diagonal brace - to the bottom corner of the two-story metal frame. The rod was suspended from the crane's cable.  The crane operator inadvertently came into contact with the crane controls, and the cable and attached rod were j erked upward.  Employee #1 was pinned between the rod and the metal frame/column he was leaning against.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic crushing i njuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On December 31, 2012, Employee #1, a 27-year-old construction laborer employed by W & O Construction Company Inc., was working at a sewer and water treatment plant. He was holding two metal spreader cables that were attached to a crane's load line. The load line became energized by a 7,620-volt overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 31, 2007, Employee #1 was installing electrical conduits or ducts between underground electrical manholes as part of a service upgrade. He was using a pneumatic powered, hand-held jackhammer, or chipper, to make a penetration hole to connect the new conduit bank when the chipper bit penetrated the insulation of the 13.8 kilovolt conductor, causing an arc flash. Employee #1 suffered serious burns to his hands, arms, face and head.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on February 4, 2019, an employee was climbing into the passenger si de of semi-truck when he slipped on the ice accumulation on side of the truck. T he employee fell and fractured his ankle and sustained a severed tendon.  The em ployee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 a.m. on October 26, 2018, an employee was struck and killed by a truck.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working on a bridge demolition project.  He was using a Husqvarna K770 powe r saw to cut rebar that supported a 4,000-pound concrete abutment wing/wall at t he end of the bridge.  The abutment wing shifted, separated from the remaining r ebar, and collapsed onto the employee.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 5:45 p.m. on October 11, 2014, a plumber employee was turning t he water on or off in the meter pit in the front yard of a residence. Since the valve was only approximately 21 inches below the top of the pit, the employee ma y have dropped his cresent wrench and was attempting to retrieve it from the 38 inches deep pit bottom.  The employee became trapped with his head down, in the water that had accumulated in the meter pit from recent rain and drowned.
struck_fatal	At 5:18 p.m. on October 14, 2016, an employee was repairing the roof of an old m etal building by cleaning, cutting and adding flashing materials, and waterproof sealants. The employee was walking on the ridge of the metal building at a heig ht of about 15 feet and 3 inches when he fell through the fiberglass corrugated skylight and collided with a 10 foot long 2 by 4 piece of lumber which was part of the structure. The lumber was about 10 feet above the floor.  He landed on th e concrete floor and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 p.m. on January 23, 2018, an employee was operating an pallet jack.  Th e employee jumped off pallet jack while it was moving.  The employee's leg/ankle was caught between the racking and the pallet jack, resulting in a fractured ri ght leg in two places. The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injurie s.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on September 15, 2014, an employee was unloading the ready-mix concrete truck that he drove to the site. The operator of the boom on the pump truck struck a 7,200 volt electrical power line, energizing the pump tr uck and thereby energizing the ready-mix truck. The employee was in contact with the ready-mix truck and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On December 5, 2002, Employees #1 and #2 and coworkers were moving a 106 ft long by 23 ft wide metal building. The path of travel took it under a 14,400-volt power line. At a meeting prior to the move, the employees were directed to stay away from the structure while it was passing under the power lines. During the move, Employees #1 and #2 and several coworkers were inside the building in an attempt to steer the trailer when an antenna on the structure struck the power lines. Employee #1 was electrocuted; Employee #2 received an electric shock, sustaining injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:53 p.m. on August 29, 2018, an employee was working from a ladder to faste n a strap under a second story window. While working, an unsecured scaffold brac ket fell and struck the employee, knocking him from the ladder to fall approxima tely fifteen feet. The employee received fractures to his ribs and clavicle and sustained internal contusions.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:15 p.m. on October 26, 2017, an employee was operating a sit-down rider TCM Pro-G 25 forklift.  While in reverse, the employee placed his right hand on the support beam of the overhead guard.  The employee crushed his right pinky when it was caught between the support beam and the bumper of a Volvo L350 large whee l loader.  The employee was hospitalized in Crozer-Chester Medical Center and ha d his pinky amputated.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:15 p.m. on March 28, 2017, an employee was priming and clear ing the concrete hose so concrete could be pumped through it. A 7 foot 3 inches metal hook got clogged and when it was released, it shot up striking the employe e on the jaw. The employee was hospitalized and treated for fractured jaw.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on May 11, 2019, Employee #1, a supervisor  employed by a company p roviding rack and pallet installations, was working with crew members at a wareh ouse and installing a multi-level rack system.   The supervisor was giving direc tions as rack frame components were lifted on the forks of a forklift.  He was s tanding beneath the elevated load when one of the forks and load components fell from the lift, an estimated fall height of 15 feet, and struck the supervisor o n the head and shoulder.  The supervisor was transported to the hospital and adm itted for treatment of head, shoulder, and upper back injuries.  He remained hos pitalized for several weeks.
electrocution_fatal	On June 29, 2005, Employee #1 and a coworker, both power line workers, were working from two separate utility poles, preparing to move an old, energized 7,200-volt conductor onto secured temporary fiberglass layout arms so that a new conductor could be installed at a later time. Employee #1 had already removed the wire that secured the 7,200-volt conductor to the insulator when the foreman noticed that nothing was covered with rubber protective equipment, including the conductor and the guy. He yelled to the groundsman, who was approximately 165 ft away near the second lineman, to get some insulated hoses. When the foreman turned back around, he saw a ball of fire. Either Employee #1 had tried to move the conductor or the conductor had fallen and he had tried to catch the conductor before it struck the uncovered guy. The electric arc struck the D-ring of his tool belt and the snap hook of his safety strap. Employee #1 slumped over but didn't fall because his safety belt caught on the guy, which was approximately 2 1/2 feet from the conductor when it was in its original position at the insulator. The second lineman descended his pole, ran over and climbed Employee #1's pole, and performed a pole-top rescue to lower him to the ground. CPR was performed until Emergency Services arrived, but Employee #1 could not be revived. Both linemen were wearing appropriate PPE, such as rubber gloves and rubber sleeves rated at 17,000 volts, hard hats, safety glasses, overshoes, and flame-retardant vests. The first thing they had done after their tailgate talk, before starting the job, work, was to set the recloser to a "one-shot deal," instead of keeping it in the normal position, which would allow it to kick three times.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on May 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a pipeline construction c ompany, was involved in drilling for the installation of a new pipeline.  He mov ed too close to the drill, his foot was pulled into the cutting operation, and t he drill blade amputated his foot.  The employee was transported to the hospital for treatment of the amputation and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On November 16, 2004, Employee #1 was working in the motor control center at the Fajardo Regional Waste Water Treatment Plant. He was situated next to a main breaker that was energized to 1,000 amps. Employee #1 was trying to pass a fish tape through the electrical conduits to feed a lighting cable system when he contacted the electrical circuit and suffered an electric shock. He was immediately transported to Fajardo Regional Hospital, where he later died.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on March 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in demolition work at a residential structure.  As he attempted to attach a metal chain to a bucket loader, his thumb was caught and crushed betwee n the chain and a tooth of the bucket.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the cr ushing injury, which required surgical amputation of his thumb.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 5, 2017, an employee was operating a Bomag, model BW 124 D ride-on soil compactor to compact crushed asphalt that had been placed on to a driveway.  The soil compactor was driven off the edge of the driveway and tipp ed on to its side.  The employee was was ejected and the vehicle's rollover prot ection system (ROPS) landed across the employee's left shoulder and neck, killin g him.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on May 20, 2018, an employee was cutting a tree limb that was layin g on a power line with a chain saw from a bucket truck.  The employee cut the li mb which slid off the power line and sprung upwards, catching him under his righ t arm and flipped him out of the bucket.  The employee was hospitalized with mul tiple fractures and severed his spinal cord.
struck_fatal	At 8:50 a.m. on February 21, 2019, an employee was covering an exposed roof afte r its tiles were removed with tarps to prevent water damage. During work, the em ployee lost his footing and fell. He struck his head on  a concrete floor and wa s killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on July 27, 2010, Employee #1, an equipment operator, was operating a Caterpillar skip loader Model Number IT62G. For some reason, Employee #1 stepped out of the skip loader cab and placed his foot on a tire of a screening machine, a large piece of equipment consisting of a drum, conveyor belts and hoppers that separate organic matter to create mulch. Employee #1 slipped and fell onto the conveyor belt directly beneath the hopper. The arm of Employee #1 was pulled into the machine between the drum and belt. Employee #1 sustained trauma to his right arm, torso and suffocated. Employee #1 was killed. Upon further investigation, it was determined Employee #1 may have been trapped for up to 45 minutes before being discovered by a manager.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 25, 2017, an employee was working for a structural stee l and precast concrete contractor. He was doing ironwork that involved connectin g steel beams to a building. He was on a structural steel beam. and he slipped o ff the beam and fell approximately 4.3 meters (14 feet) onto a concrete floor. H e sustained a broken shoulder and tailbone (coccyx). He was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on May 30, 2014, an employee was riding on a freight elevator from the 1st floor to the 2nd floor. The employee began coughing and fell to the flo or of the elevator as it was moving upward.  The employee's head got head caught between the top of the elevator floor and the bottom of the 2nd floor.  The emp loyee was wearing a hard hat that fell off and down between the wall of the elev ator shaft and the elevator floor to the pit in the basement. The employee was k illed from their injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:15 a.m. on June 21, 2004, Employee #1, an apprentice for an electrical contractor, was told by his supervisor to change the light fixtures in the first-floor copy room of a building in Irvine, CA, and to take the old fixtures to a nearby building for disposal. He turned off the light switch in the copy room, used a fiberglass ladder to remove the old fixtures, and then left to dispose of the units. He returned and was on the ladder adjusting the snap plate on a new fixture when his left hand contacted a 227-volt ground wire. He received an electric shock and fell, landing on his left elbow and fracturing it. Employee #1 was hospitalized overnight. The lights in the copy room had been turned back on by one of the tenants who had come to work while Employee #1 was at the other building. Employee #1 did not de-energize the system at the panel. There were no witnesses to the accident.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on August 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story commercial bu ilding.  He was cutting the steel band wrapped around a bundle of wood lagging. The lagging fell on the employee and pinned his leg against a steel I-beam.  Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for severe cont usions and a laceration to his left calf.
caught_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on May 29, 2013, an employee was unloading soybean meal from a hopp er truck trailer onto a horizontal conveyor.  The employee was in the process of entering the grain hopper semi-trailer to sweep out the soybean meal residue wh en he slid down the back slope of the trailer and fell out the bottom hatch onto a running horizontal conveyor that was moving the load into the facility.  The employee was wedged between the conveyor and the bottom of the trailer, breaking ribs and causing positional asphyxiation.  The employee was trapped for approxi mately 15 minutes and was revived by EMS en route to the hospital but never rega ined consciousness. The employee died after he was taken off life support on May 31, 2013. The cause of death was listed as anoxic brain injury.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 10, 2021, an employee had just returned from lunch brea k and began to operate a Skyjack Model SJ III - 3219 Aerial Scissor Lift install ing electrical wires in a ceiling. The employee became caught between the guardr ail of the scissor lift and the ceiling truss and was killed, most likely due to asphyxiation accompanied by multiple broken bones.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 28, 2022, Employee #1 fell two-stories to the ground bel ow when the catwalk he was walking on broke. The employee was hospitalized and t reated for multiple broken bones.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on August 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a structural engineerin g company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a commercial bui lding.  He was cutting tiebacks in preparation for removing the shoring system. After he cut one particular tieback, the shoring system shifted, which caused t he tieback to shift and make contact with a vertical 5-foot long piece of rebar protruding from the concrete foundation floor.  Employee #1's head became pinned between the rebar and a support beam.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for his in juries.
electrocution_fatal	On July 31, 2007, Employee #1 was finishing a concrete slab when he took the bull float finishing tool over to the side to wash it. While washing the 20 ft-long tool with a water hose, Employee #1 raised it up and either contacted or came close to contacting an overhead 13,800-volt power line. He was electrocuted and died at the scene.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on April 6, 2017, an employee was engaged in moving a truss web scaffold.  The truss web scaffold was a four level scaffold attached to the side of the San Francisco Bay Bridge. A tugger motor was used to move the scaffold.  The movement speed of the operation was approximately walking speed. The employee had gloves on both hands. The employee was using the left hand to guide the wire into the tugger motor. The left gloved hand got pulled in by the wire.  The employee's left hand fingers got pinned by the wire against the tugge r motor spool.  The employee was operating the tugger motor with the right hand. The employee released the tugger motor control.  The tugger failed to stop and continued to operate.  The employee used the right hand to pull the wire in an attempt to release the left hand.  The employee's right hand finger got pinched by the wire and the spool of the tugger motor.  The employee pulled the right ha nd out.  The right hand glove with the amputated right middle finger fell into t he bay.  The employee suffered an amputated right middle finger, lacerations to right ring and index fingers, crushed left index, middle and ring fingers. The e mployee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 23, 2003, Employee #1 was installing a trough extension to make room for additional wiring. He took the cover off and was lifting and separating the 750 mcm wiring at the same time when a flash occurred. Employee #1 sustained first- and second-degree burns on his arms, for which he was hospitalized. He did not know that there were two splices in the cable and that they had split.
fall_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on October 12, 2019, an employee was working off of a swing stage w aterproofing an exterior wall on the eleventh floor. While working the building collapsed and killed the employee.
caught_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on October 11, 2018, an employee was operating a forklift near a do uble stacked windshield rack and caught his head in between the rack and the rea r upright rod support of the forklift.  The employee suffered massive blunt forc e trauma to his head and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on February 15, 2017, an employee was loosening a bolt and the exca vator counterweight fell onto his right lower leg. The employee's leg was amputa ted as well as sustaining fractures to his arm, hips and vertebra. The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on December 14, 2017, an employee was signaling a heavy equipment o perator. The employee was caught between two pieces of heavy equipment and susta ined a crushed hip.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 p.m. on February 25, 2014, Employee #1 was working at a refinery and for a company that was engaged in construction and engineering services. He was assigned to assist a coworker, the mix operator, at a rig on the refinery site. Employee #1's duties consisted of cleaning up of a mix station, pre-weighing of the stainless steel fibers used to reinforce a mortar spray material and ensuring an adjacent water barrel was full of water to pre-dampen the material to keep dust to a minimum. The coworker's duties consisted of operating the mixer, ensuring the correct amount of material was mixed, pouring the pre-dampened water and stainless steel fibers for each bag of material mixed and completing a mixing log to document what materials was being installed and the location where it was installed. Another coworker, the gunite machine operator, was located at the opposite end of the rig from the mixer. The gunite machine operator's only communication between Employee #1 and the coworker was to inform them to continue or to stop the mixing hopper so that the hopper stayed full for the gunite operation. At approximately 11:00 p.m., the mix operator allowed Employee #1 to work the mixing operation. The mix operator instructed him to place six bags into the mixer with the grate down and the blades moving and then add the water. Employee #1 reported that the gunite mix was becoming stuck on the sides of the mixer and so he lifted the grate guard and tried to clean the outer upper portion of the mixer with a trowel. He did that because he had observed the mix operator doing the same thing beforehand. As he cleaned the mixing drum, the mixing paddles (blades) caught the trowel and pulled his hand into the mixer. During this time, the mix operator was filling out mix logs and did not observe Employee #1 working. Just as Employee #1 pulled his hand away the mix operator walked by and saw Employee #1 holding his hand. The mix operator turned off the rig and used his radio to summoned emergency medical personnel. The gunite machine operator and the mix operator walked Employee #1 over to where their tool room was located. Employee #1 was transported via a company van and was escorted to a medical office and then was transported to a medical center, where he was hospitalized. Employee #1 suffered severe injuries to his fingers on his right hand requiring multiple surgical procedures and still suffers from lost mobility of his fingers. The supervisor was not in the area when the incident occurred and did not observe it. Causal factors were Employee #1 did not receive any new employee training nor did he receive any training prior to being assigned to working on the rig, where he was assigned; the employer did not have any method to prevent entry into the mixing drum by means of a tool to remove the mixing guard nor did the employer have any accident prevention signs or tags placed on the controls of the power source as required by regulations or the manufacturer's recommendations; and, the employer did not ensure that the equipment was blocked or mechanically locked out prior to allowing employees to clean the mixing drum.
electrocution_fatal	On September 2, 2010, Employee#1, a construction laborer, and a coworker were installing a new water heater. It was determined that a new hot water line needed to be installed. Employee #1 went under the house while the coworker waited by the water heater. The coworker waited a while, but noted no activity behind the wall. The coworker walked over to the entrance of the crawl space and found Employee #1 lying face down on the ground. He called for help and pulled Employee #1 out. Paramedics responded and called the coroner's office. It appeared that Employee #1 had been electrocuted and was pronounced dead on the site.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on March 23, 2012, Employee #1 was clearing a jammed pin that was in the pinsetter machine (Brunswick, Model Number 75000, and Serial Number 252020) in bowling lane number 20. While the machine was idling, the employee was using his right hand to unjam the pin. A customer started bowling which turned the machine "ON" and Employee #1's right forearm was caught between the deck lowering hook assembly and a spring loaded link that penetrated into his forearm muscles. Employee #1 was taken to an area hospital for treatment of deep lacerations which required surgery and was hospitalized for three days.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on April 30, 2017, Employee #1 was installing metal sheeting on a roof and using a wooden walk board. The employee stumbled and fell, fracturing h is ribs, and sustaining a lung contusion and scalp laceration. Employee #1 was h ospitalized for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 p.m. on July 25, 2018, Employee #1, a superintendent employed by a cons truction company, was working at the site of a highway expansion.  The company w as engaged in drilling holes and providing vertical cylindrical concrete structu ral support for a bridge construction along the highway.  A submersible pump wit h hoses was being lowered inside the shaft hole, which measured 270 feet deep by 10 feet diameter, to pump out water in preparation for concrete pouring.  The c ompany was using a Link-Belt 348 Crawler Crane, LBCE S/N L9J6-8425, SCM S/N LS34 8-4011.   As the pump was rigged to the four-part auxiliary hoist and lowered in to the shaft hole, the hydraulic hoses became entangled with the eight-part main hoist rope.  Employee #1 was helping to untangle the hoses as he stood on the p latform around the shaft hole with his back turned to the crane operator.  As he untangled the hoses, Employee #1's hand movement was misinterpreted as a signal by the crane operator, who raised the main hoist block.  Employee #1's  right h and became caught between the sheave and the main hoist rope, and his second, th ird, fourth, and fifth fingers were amputated.  Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital and admitted for treatment.  Medical personnel were unable to reatta ch the four fingers.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on February 9, 2017, Employee #1 was applying finishing mud on a dr ywall while standing on a step ladder placed on a rolling scaffold without locki ng wheels. The employee was approximately 10 feet above the ground. As he presse d the mud onto the drywall, he used enough force to move the scaffold and shake the ladder. Employee #1 fell off the ladder and landed on his right ankle, falli ng towards his left side. The employee fractured his right ankle and bruised his left shoulder and knee.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on August 16, 2018, Employee #1 was going to run an errand. He ran to the passenger side of the truck to retrieve his phone. He was struck by both sets of rear passenger side wheels of the truck and sustained a torn rectum and fractured pelvis. Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in concrete form installation on a wooden dock.  The concrete pile h e was guiding was being lifted by a 100-ton crane.  The crane tipped over onto t he dock, causing Employee #1 to fall into the water.  Employee #1 was rescued fr om the water and transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractured ribs and abrasions to his arms.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on April 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in roofing work at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story residential structure.  He was working from a ladder when he fell and struck th e concrete surface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transpo rted to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fall-related injuries.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 24, 2018, an employee was rotating a steel beam that wa s resting on metal support horses using a crane and was struck when it swung out wards.  The employee was killed from internal injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on September 1, 2015, an employer was upgrading natur al gas lines as a subcontractor for Peoples Gas.  A large vacuum truck, Vacmaste rs System 4000, Manufacturer Vacmasters of Denver, Model Number VND S4000, Seria l Number 1003-798VNDS4, was being used to remove soil from various excavations. The vacuum unit was dumping soil in the yard of a vacant house of an alley.  An employee, a laborer, was releasing soil from the spoil tank on the unit when th e spoil tank became detached from the frame.  The unit struck and pinned the emp loyee beneath it.  Excavating equipment was used to free the employee from benea th the unit.  The employee was transported to a local hospital where the employe e was pronounced dead.  Coworker #1, crew leader, was operating the hydraulic fu nctions of the Vacmasters System 4000, when the incident occurred and witnessed the equipment dislodge and the employee being trapped.  Coworker #2, equipment o perator, was summoned to operate heavy equipment to assist in freeing the employ ee.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on July 31, 2019, an employee erected a temporary fence around a du mpster in a parking area. At some point, the employee was pinned between a vibra ting compactor and the dumpster and struck by the vibrating compactor. The emplo yee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the pelvis, foot, and shoulder.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 8, 2020, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a roof ing company, were preparing to do re-roofing on a residential structure.  They w ere setting up a platform hoist to lift shingles to the roof when they noticed t he extension section on the hoist's base unit was installed backward.  As they m oved the hoist away from the roof to correct the extension section installation, the hoist made contact with overhead wires.  The three employees sustained seve re electric shock.   Employee #1 was transported to a hospital emergency departm ent, where he died from electrocution that afternoon.  Employee #2 was transport ed to another hospital, where he died from electrocution on September 25, 2020. Employee #3 was transported to a hospital, admitted, treated for burns to his f eet, and discharged four days later.
caught_nonfatal	On February 5, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in roof repair work at a one-story commercial building.  He was on the roof and using a stripping tool to strip shingles when his tool became stuck.  The employ ee lost his balance,  fell through the skylight he was standing next to, and str uck the concrete surface, a fall height of 22 feet.  Emergency services transpor ted the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for three ri b fractures, a fractured pelvis, and a fractured hip.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:17 p.m. on February 13, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a spider excavator along a mountain hillside. The soil was wet and a mudslide occurred, causing the employee to become pinned against the excavator. Employee #1 sustained contusio ns and was hospitalized for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On July 30, 2004, Employee #1, was helping his brother, a contractor, with a partial renovation of the break room at 3 Springs Water Company in Laurel Run, PA. The contractor was not onsite when Employee #1 tried to move a 120-volt switch box from a temporary location to a wall near a door. As he was working he apparently touched an energized switch contact and was electrocuted. Employee #1 did not disconnect the power before starting the job. At the time of the accident, he had been laid off from his job and was helping out his brother as needed.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 1, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roofin g company, were engaged in roofing activity as part of the renovation of a manuf acturing plant.  They were working from the basket of a JLG articulating aerial boom lift and replacing roof panels from below the roof.  The lift unexpectedly moved toward the ceiling.  Employee #1's head struck against a steel beam, and h e sustained fatal head injuries.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on August 13, 2019, an employee was working for a firm that engaged in administrative management and general management consulting services. Among other things, the firm managed material handling facilities. The employee was dr iving a tugger. She was traveling down an aisle, when she fell off or was thrown from the tugger. She fell onto a concrete floor. She sustained a head injury. S he was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on June 26, 2017, Employee #1 was installing metal co ping covers around the edge of a roof. As he worked, he lost his balance and fel l from the roof, falling approximately 33 ft. He had attached his lanyard and ro pe grab too far down on the safety line and away from the anchor point that was located near the center of the roof to break his fall. Employee #1 should have b een tied off closer to anchor point. He struck the ground and sustained fracture d ribs and a hip injury in the fall. Employee #1 was transported to a medical ce nter, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new one-story building.  He was working from a ladder and installing flashing on the roof.  The ladder was u nstable because it had been placed on an uneven concrete surface.  The ladder ti pped over, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 5 feet.  He beca me caught between the ladder and a retaining wall.  Employee #1 sustained a trau matic head injury and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 10, 2004, Employee #1 was using a bull float with a 26 ft long aluminum handle to finish a concrete slab for a garage at a private residence when it contacted a 19.9-kilovolt overhead power line. He sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on February 7, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s working at a one-story residential building.  He was on the building's roof an d making roof repairs when he fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for head trauma and multiple fractured bones.  At the time of this report, Employee #1 was being treated in the hospital's intensive care unit.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on December 28, 2018, an employee was touching a wire without deen ergizing the line while standing on a ladder.  The employee sustained an electri cal shock and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on July 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a pipeline installation and services company, was working on a construction project at a two-story power plant.  She was installing underground plumbing conduit when she was struck by a falling pump flange.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  She was admitted and treated for work-related injuries .
struck_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on July 15, 2014, an employee was working for himself in local gene ral freight trucking. He was removing the back binders and chains from a log tru ck. There was a log trailer nearby. It was in motion. The employee fell under th e wheels of the log trailer. He sustained blunt force trauma and he was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 1:45 p.m. on April 6, 2009, Employee #1 was working in a scissor lift. Either Employee #1's coveralls or his lanyard (tied off to the lift) caught on the controls of the lift, causing it to rise. Employee #1 was unable to stop it, and he was pinned for a short time between the pipe he was supposed to remove and the lift. Employee #1 was communicating and appeared to be stable following some tests. Employee #1 died at approximately 1:00 a.m. the next morning while in surgery.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:55 a.m. on September 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a utility services company, was working at an excavation for a pipeline.  He was placing pressure o n the head of a boring machine when the machine made contact with underground el ectrical equipment, a 5-inch plastic duct/wire that was energized at 108/120 vol ts.  Employee #1 sustained an electric shock.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and release d the same day.
electrocution_fatal	On June 3, 2022, an employee was replacing a light fixture when he inadvertently contacted a hazardous energy source.  The employee fell off the ladder and sust ained head trauma and internal injuries associated with the hazardous contact. The employee was hospitalized and died on June 11, 2022.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:44 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was attempting to work on a light switch electrical box that was blocked by twenty sheets of four foot by twelve foot drywall. The employee started to move the sheets of drywall to access the l ight switch electrical box when the sheets fell onto the employee and fractured his leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 9, 2019, an employee attempted to stow a Kelley bar afte r completing excavation work. A strap holding the bar broke, the bar swung out a nd struck the employee in the chest. The employee was hospitalized for multiple rib fractures and to remove the employee's spleen.
caught_fatal	A belly dump truck was stuck and Employee #1, the dump truck operator, was attaching chains to the front of it and another truck that would pull it out. While the operator was between the two trucks, a maintainer/scraper operator began to push the stuck dump truck from behind. The maintainer operator was not aware of Employee #1's location. Employee #1 was crushed between the two trucks. Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on May 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services co mpany, was working on an energized emergency light fixture above the ceiling of a commercial building.  He was working from the fifth run of an 8-foot ladder wh en witnesses reported hearing an electrical explosion.  Employee #1 fell from th e ladder.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple fractured ribs.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on October 31, 2018, an employee was rigging up old s treet light to have it replaced. The street light, then, touched a live supply p ower line as the street light was picked up. The employee was electrocuted with 69,000 volts from supply power line and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:13 a.m. on September 6, 2017, Employee #1 was cleaning up the shop when he noticed that a crate of glass was shifting. The employee ran over to it to try a nd secure the crate, to prevent it from falling. The crate fell on the employee, pinning him under the crate. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 5:45 a.m. on October 19, 2018, an employee was struck by a truck while in the yard and is killed.
electrocution_fatal	On January 8, 2005, Employee #1 was electrocuted while changing fluorescent light bulbs on a sign.
electrocution_fatal	On July 9, 2008, a construction foreman for Traylor Construction was familiarizing himself with the operation of a JLG Model 450A Series II articulating boom lift, when he backed up into a 7,200-volt power line. The lift became energized, and the foreman was electrocuted. The lift was approximately 27 feet high, at the time of the accident.
struck_nonfatal	On September 22, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction c ompany, were working inside a shaft of a commercial building that was being cons tructed.  Due to an apparent equipment failure, a raised platform that they were keeping level, dropped down the shaft.  This caused walk boards of a catwalk in side the shaft to loosen and fall.  The boards struck Employee #1.  Employee #1 sustained severe bruising to his right arm, shoulder, ribs, and hip.  He was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on May 2, 2017, an employee was on his way to hook a precast stairw ay to a tower crane.  The employee fell 36 feet approximately to a lower level, and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on February 6, 2020, an employee was working with a coworker to ins tall new wooden fence posts (seven feet tall by four inches diameter) using a sk id steer (Model Number C232 with low profile extended bucket attachment). The em ployee was holding up a post while the coworker operated the skid steer with the bucket full of soil (total weight with soil approximately 1,900 pounds) to driv e the post into the ground. As the coworker pushed down with the skid steer buck et, the bucket separated from the control arm and struck the employee and pinned him to the ground. The employee received a skull fracture and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 15, 2016, an employee moving a concrete bull float to a new area   contacted an overhead energized 7,200 volt powerline with the 29' long handle. Employee received electrical shock and died.
struck_fatal	At 6:15 p.m. on May 10, 2018, Employee #1, a dump truck driver, was emptying asp halt from his truck at a residential property. After dumping the load of asphalt , the owner used a bobcat to spread the asphalt near the entrance of the house, while Employee #1 remained in his truck. Employee #1, who was parked under12.47 kV power line that was approximately 20 feet from the ground, lifted the bed of the truck a second time to off load the remainder of the asphalt from the truck. The truck bed made contact with the overhead power line. An electrical current traveled from the bed of the truck and contacted Employee #1 as he exited the tr uck. Employee #1 was electrocuted and the tuck caught fire.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on July 26, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a pipeline construction company, were assigned to remove round bar risers from pipelines a nd replace them with marine board risers to limit corrosion and abrasion hazards .  Employee #1 rigged two pipelines to be elevated so that the round bar could b e cut off and replaced with marine board.  The employee put his hand on an outsi de pipe, and when the two rigged pipelines were elevated, they swung and collide d with his right hand.  His right middle finger was crushed.  The employee was t ransported to the hospital and admitted for treatment.  His finger required surg ical amputation.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 24, 2021, an employee was helping his supervisor unload a bag shredder from a box truck. The supervisor was operating a forklift while th e employee was on the right side of the truck checking for clearance of the shre dder out of the truck. The supervisor lifted the load and started backing up how ever, the employee stated the load was not clearing the right side of the truck. The supervisor lifted the load again this time shifting the load to the left sl ightly. The employee went around behind the forklift on the left side of the loa d and started pulling on the shredder. The shredder fell off the forks onto the employee. The employee was airlifted to a trauma center and died while in the em ergency department.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 18, 2019, an employee worked from a steel beam conducting measurements with a tape measure. The employee fell and received fractures to th e vertebrae and sternum, and a head laceration and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	On September 12, 2021, an employee was working on a volumetric mixer which moved and the employee struck a backhoe.  The employee sustained serious injuries.  T he employee was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 17, 2018, an employee was observing two coworkers insta ll a personnel bucket attachment to an easement machine. As the winch line was d rawn into the machine, the employee noticed that the eyelet at the end of the wi nch line was about to become stuck at the boom tip. The employee grabbed the eye let with his left hand to untwist and free the eyelet when his hand was pulled i nto the machine. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment of an amputation of the employee's left index finger just below the distal joint.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 9, 2018, Employee #1, a supervisor, was in charge of excavat ing and installing sewer and water lines at a construction site. He was working with his crew in a 17 foot deep trench. The trench had been benched and sloped f or Type B soil, but should have been classified as Type C soil, which other mean s of guarding the location would have been used. During work, a 30 foot by 4 foo t section of the trench began to cave in. Employee #1 was engulfed by the collap sed soil and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 18, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a drywall company, was wo rking at a multiemployer construction project, a new commercial building.  He wa s working from a scissor lift and leaning against the lift's top guardrail as he screwed drywall sheet to the ceiling.  The guardrail broke and collapsed, and E mployee #1 fell and struck the concrete surface, a fall height of 34 feet.  Emer gency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures to his head and shoulder areas.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on August 22, 2018 , Employee #1 and coworker were cleaning debris from the grounds, as demolition was performed on a residential structure, durin g residential construction.  After a coworker/excavator operator applied a Sorti ng and Demolition Grapple/Excavator Attachment to the excavator, he used the Gra ppel attachment to grab and pile multiple pieces of miscellaneous debris.  While picking up and applying pressure to the piling of wood, with the grapple, vario us pieces of wood splintered out and a piece of wooden debris then struck Employ ee #1 in the neck.  As a result of the impact of the wooden debris, Employee #1 sustained multiple lacerations and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a glass contractor, pull ed out a piece of cut material from the power saw area.  The saw activated, ampu tating fingers on his left hand.  The employee was transported to the hospital a nd admitted for treatment.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:15 a.m. on December 10, 2014, Employees #1, #2, #3, and #4 were on board a Yard Craft Vessel, YCV-23 barge, making preparations to install a concrete sinker block to a riser chain with an attached hawse pipe buoy. The 7 -ton buoy was suspended above the employees by a crane from a separate barge.  T hey were positioning the riser chain of a ship mooring leg, using crowbars, so t hat a concrete sinker block could be attached to the riser chain using plate sha ckles.  While attempting to position the riser chain of the mooring leg with cro wbars, the capture plate of the buoy separated from its mounting ring, causing t he buoy to slide down the riser chain striking Employees #1, #2, #3, and #4 on top of the concrete sinker block.   Employees #1 and #2 were killed from blunt force injuries of the head and torso.  Employee #3 fractured his right ankle and received blunt force injuries just above his left buttocks.  Employee #4 tore t wo ligaments in his left knee.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on July 29, 2019, an employee was preparing to remove an electrica l lead from a bushing on a portable substation. The employer had added a mainten ance breaker which allowed maintenance personnel to supply power to a motor that moved a tap changer.  The maintenance breaker allowed an extension cord, used t o maintain batteries and supply power to a heater, to back-feed electricity thro ugh the transformers and up to the bushing that the employee was touching.  The maintenance breaker was not operated in a manner to control the energy to the eq uipment. The employee incurred an electrical shock and burns to his back and han ds which required hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 19, 2013, Employee #1, of Jade Inc., was working alone at an apartment building construction site. He was standing on a ladder and sanding windows as part of a window installation. The ladder slid, and Employee #1 fell approximately 12 feet to the floor. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured jaw, broken teeth, and a dislocated elbow. He remained hospitalized for four days. The employer reported this incident to Cal/OSHA on September 20, 2013. The subsequent investigation determined that Jade Inc. was a drywall and plastering construction company operating as a subcontractor at the construction site. Employee #1 had been employed by Jade Inc. for 11 years. The ladder involved in the incident had been removed from the job site following the incident. Employee #1's fall occurred because the ladder had not been secured/blocked to prevent it from moving.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was backing a hydraulic post driver into position to install metal posts for a new guardrail. He was electrocuted when the unit contacted a 7,200-volt overhead power line.
fall_nonfatal	On September 5, 2013, Employee #1 attempted to reach a scaffold brace that was inadvertently left on top of a generator casing approximately 101 inches off the ground and stepped onto a flat portion of the casing 34 inches off the ground in order to reach the brace. At some point, he must have stepped backward or fell from the platform, landing on the concrete floor below. Employee #1 sustained fractures to his hip and pelvic regions and was taken to a local hospital before being transferred to a larger regional hospital for surgical repair. He remained hospitalized for several days.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 26, 2021, Employee #1, employed by an HVAC contractor, w as operating a Wysong Bending Roller machine to bend various sizes of metal hang ers he was assigned to fabricate.  He had made more than 90 of these hangers and was working on the last one when his hand became caught in the rollers as he fe d in the flat stock.  There was no guarding on the machine.  The employee was ab le to hit the kick plate to stop the operation and the pneumatic air lever to ra ise the roller up and free his hand.  The employee was transported to the hospit al and admitted for treatment of four crushed and fractured fingers on his left hand.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 18, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a wat er/sewer line construction company, were working inside a trench that measured 7 feet deep, 7 feet wide, and 30 feet long.  They were installing fittings to con nect a residential sewer line to the main sewer line.  The trench was not shored or benched to prevent collapse.  A vertical trench wall collapsed, striking and engulfing Employee #1.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospi tal, where he was admitted for treatment of injuries to the lungs, four ribs, an d the right shoulder.
struck_fatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on March 22, 2016, an operator of an excavator was c learing trees and brush from a drainage ditch to level and install a drain pipe. A tree fell on the cab of the excavator he was driving. The operator sustained head injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on November 9, 2018, an employee was applying a tarp to the lumber load on the 48 foot flatbed semi trailer.   The employee either stepped or fell off the flatbed trailer, striking his head on the structural footing approximat ely six feet from the back of the truck.  The employee sustained a broken neck a nd was initially hospitalized, placed on life support and later died of the inju ries.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on February 8, 2019, an employee was lifting boxes into a truck whe n he was struck by a backing truck. The employee was crushed between the two veh icles and killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:30 a.m. on September 17, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a plumbing contractor, were working at an aerospace manufacturing plant. Employee #1, a plumber's assistant, was assembling a pipe section to a ball valve. He was using a pipe and bolt threading machine, Ridge Tool Company Model 1822-I. This machine is operated by a foot- switch pedal. The foot-switch pedal is like the gas pedal of a car: when you step on it, the machine starts rotating; when you step off it, the machine stops rotating. Employee #1 was using the machine to grip the pipe in a fixed position. He was using his right hand to thread the valve onto the stationary section of the pipe. Employee #1 had his right hand on the pipe and under the ball valve. He unintentionally activated the machine via the foot-switch pedal. The machine started to rotate, and the pipe rotated toward Employee #1. His fingers were trapped between the valve handle and the valve body. Employee #1 immediately either released the foot-switch pedal or kicked it away. Coworker #1, who was approximately 5 feet away, came and turned off the machine using the on/off-type switch on the side of the machine. However, the machine had already rotated enough to break Employee #1 right index finger by bending it backwards. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he underwent surgery to repair the fractured right index finger. The subsequent investigation of this event determined that the injury was caused by the machine unintentionally being activated by Employee #1 via the foot pedal while his hand was on the pipe being gripped by the pipe and bolt threading machine. Employee #1 was a full-time employee of the employer.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 5, 2003, Employee #1 and four coworkers were working for an electrical contractor on power distribution and utility panels inside a generator building at a prison facility. At the time of the accident, they were in the process of disconnecting old back-up generators. A Cummins 1250-kilovolt generator and a Van Tran 2500-kilovolt step-up transformer were temporarily connected to the building to provide back-up power. Employee #1, the foreman of the crew, was removing a busbar in the electrical cabinet that was directly connected to the Cummins/Van Tran setup when the generator was inadvertently started up and the power transfer switch engaged. He suffered a 4160-volt electric shock and first- to third-degree burns over 35 percent of his body from the resulting arc blast and fire. In addition to holding the busbar, he had his knees leaning against other busbars in the cabinet. The service technician who started up the generator was from the company who rented it to the electrical contractor. Earlier, the foreman and his crew were unable to engage the power transfer switch on the generator so the foreman had called the service technician to have the generator checked and repaired, as necessary. He also conveyed the urgency of bringing the generator up due to a planned power outage that would allow his crew to completely disconnect the old generators. Upon arrival at the job site, the service technician went straight to the generator and several minutes later, started it and engaged the power transfer switch. The service technician did not notify anybody prior to energizing the generator. The electrical contractors failed to implement lockout and tagout procedures on the generator and transformer. Likewise, lockout and tagout procedures were not applied to the power distribution and utility panels on which the crew was working.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on July 26, 2018, an employee and his coworker were rolling a cart that contained a roll of roofing material down a 3:12 sloped roof with a 30 inch parapet. During movement of the material, the coworker slipped and the cart sta rted to roll free down the roof. The employee reached to stop the cart and fell over the edge of the roof. The employee struck a concrete sidewalk that was 70 f eet below the roof and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 7, 2018, Employee #1 was installing a prefabricated wall pan el. The wall panel began to fall out and away from the building. The panel fell, with Employee #1 holding on, to the ground. Employee #1 was killed upon impact.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on January 26, 2021, an employee stood on a ceiling tile while disc ussing the work. At some point, the ceiling tile collapsed and the employee fell approximately twelve feet and was killed by unspecified fractures, lacerations and contusions.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on April 24, 2018, an employee was painting a fixed ladder and cage leading from the flat roof of the safe room located inside the warehouse that w as under construction.  The employee fell approximately 15 feet from the roof an d was killed from head injuries suffered in fall.
electrocution_fatal	On February 24, 2006, Employee #1 was engaged in his regular work when he contacted an energized 7,000-volt electrical line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on March 25, 2020, Employee #1 and Employee #2  arriv ed to the land lot and would drill the ground and parked the vehicle underneath of the power line. Then, Employee #1 and Employee #2 exit the vehicle and walked to the back of the vehicle to operate the drill.  While raising the drill, the drill came in contact with the power line that was 17.5 feet above them.  Employ ee #1 and Employee #2 were  electrocuted and killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on September 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in removing the metal roof of a commercial building.  He had fin ished installing warning lines on the roof, and had begun removing screws from t he first section of metal roofing, when he stepped back and fell through a skyli ght onto a pallet of shelving, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 1, 2019, an employee worked with two coworkers to replac e damaged utility poles and repair telecommunication lines. The employee used a vehicle mounted work platform to reach the location to conduct repairs while cow orker 1 operated a digger derrick and coworker 2 acted as the grounds man. Upon reaching the work, the employee began to detach the sagging neutral circuit cond uctor and used mule tape to move the conductor out of the way of the location wh ere the telecommunication cable would be installed. At some point, the employee' s left hand contacted the seventy-two-hundred-volt primary line, and an arc flas h occurred. The employee was hospitalized to treat electrical shock and burn inj uries received.
caught_fatal	At 7:55 a.m. on March 18, 2019, Employee #1, the owner of an excavating company, and a coworker, his son, were attempting to free the 2000 International quad ax le dump truck, Vehicle Identification Number 1HTXHAXT3YJ0778862 from a parked po sition in the company's equipment storage yard alongside the owner's home.  The drive tires of the dump truck were stuck in ice, the product of melted snow that had refrozen while the truck was parked during the previous two days of below-f reezing temperatures.  The owner initially had tried to drive the dump truck out of the ice, without success.  He then used an electric heat gun in an attempt t o melt the ice around the tires, also without success.  He telephoned his son to come with a pickup truck and tow strap.  The son arrived and connected the two trucks with a synthetic web tow strap.  The owner entered the cab of the dump tr uck, and the son, driving the pickup truck, succeeded in pulling the dump truck out of the ice.  Both exited their truck cabs.  As the owner began picking up th e heat gun and extension cord, he instructed his son to move the dump truck furt her forward.  The son entered the dump truck cab and drove forward and to the ri ght of the pickup truck.  He then parked and exited the truck, whereupon he saw his father on the ground.  The father, without the son's knowledge, had moved to a position alongside the dump truck.  The dump truck had struck the father and run over his head, and he was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on October 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was e ngaged in a home renovation.  He was on the roof, which had a 6 to 12 pitch, and was operating a circular saw and installing roof sheathing when he slipped and fell.  Employee #1 first struck the ground, a fall height of 10 feet, and then f ell into a swimming pool that was being constructed, for a total fall height of approximately 14 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a leg laceration and a nkle injury.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on December 15, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a ro ofing company, were engaged in reroofing work at a one-story commercial building .  They were installing a membrane of thermoplastic polyolefin (TPO) over the ex isting metal roof. The coworker removed a roof ridge, which created an unprotect ed 14-inch gap in the roof's surface.  Employee #1 walked by the gap and fell th rough it to the concrete floor, a fall height of 30 feet.  Employee #1 sustained traumatic blunt force injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 14, 2016, Employee #1 who was a foreman with Grabers Ex cavating, Inc., and employee #2 who was a laborer, were cutting and chipping an approximately 5,000 pound slab of concrete on the top of the Preliminary Treatme nt Structure (name of the building).  This is a pre-treatment building where scr eening and grit removal from the wastewater influent occurs. The slab that colla psed covers the cone shaped structure where sand and grit is allowed to settle a nd collect. The demolition occurs so that the process will be decommissioned and replaced by a different grit removal process. Employee #1 was cutting from unde r the concrete slab with a concrete saw that measured 2 feet on the walls attach ment and 10 inches in the center, while Employee #2 was chipping with a chipper on top of the slab while positioned off to the sides of the slab.  All of a sudd en employee #2 heard a crack and he fell in on top of the concrete slab that he was partially standing on, the slab collapsed on Employee #1 who was cutting wit h the concrete saw underneath the slab, he was crushed by the slab. Employee #1 was completely covered by the concrete slab that collapsed and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on July 23, 2018, an employee was installing a bolt inside a count erweight that was held by a chain. The employee caught his left arm between the counterweight and inner tank when the chain broke and amputated it.  The employe e was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 11, 2018, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a home b uilder, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new residential s tructure.  He had just completed framing a wall and was preparing to take a lunc h break.  The employee either slipped or tripped over the new framed wall and fe ll, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to th e hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a dislocated ankle with abrasi ons and lacerations.
struck_nonfatal	The worksite is an industrial building and asphalt lot used for storing and tran sporting walnuts and walnut shells.  At 11:57 a.m. on December 20, 2021, Coworke r #1 was using a forklift to load a flatbed trailer with bins of walnuts, while Employee #1 was analyzing how and where he could offload his truck full of walnu t shells. Coworker #1 was on the forklift, while Employee #1 was standing on the asphalt between his truck and flatbed trailer. These two trucks were parked a s hort distance away from each other.  In addition, bins of walnuts were also bein g filled by employees near Employee #1 and Coworker #1. These bins of walnuts ar e then staged on the asphalt, about 25 feet away from these two trucks.  Coworke r #1 would then grab two bins at a time, stacked on top of each other about 8-fe et high and drive in the forward direction to the flatbed trailer with his visio n obstructed. As Coworker #1 was driving forward with two bins obstructing his v ision, he inadvertently struck Employee #1 in the back as he was driving the for klift.  Employee #1 was knocked to the ground and pushed about 10 feet across th e asphalt.  Employee #1 sustained abrasions to the right leg and knee and was tr eated without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on November 29, 2018, an employee was installing a ground wire on a transformer and the boom lift was stuck in the lift position and struck an I-b eam, fracturing his vertebra.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on February 22, 2018, an employee was putting on roofing cement.  T he employee unhooked his lanyard and fell off the second story roof.  The employ ee broke his right wrist, left femur and right eye socket.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 18, 2017, an employee was installing prefabricated wood tr usses on top of an 18 foot tall wooden pole structure. Five cowokers were comple ting the installation of a purling and the employee walked inside the building. When the employee walked to the south end of the structure, the trusses shifted and collapsed, striking the employee. The employee suffered multiple contusions and lacerations and later died from his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 11:31 a.m. on January 1, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in painting the concrete overhang of a one-story commercial build ing.  He was working from the basket of an aerial lift and operating the lift wh en he was caught between the overhang and the lift's control console.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in reroofing activity at a one-story residential structure.  He was on the roof and carrying a box of nails toward the work area when he fell, a fall h eight of 10 feet, and struck the floor.  The employee was transported to the hos pital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured arm and a fractured hi p.
electrocution_fatal	On August 2, 2006, Employee #1, a construction worker with Cobalt Engineering, was finishing drywall in an attic addition when he collapsed and died. He may have contacted an energized, uncovered electrical outlet or switch.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:40 p.m. on August 15, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roadw ork construction company, were installing drain pipes in a trench adjacent to a future road, a multiemployer construction project.  A light rain was falling.  A s Employee #1 moved along the trench, he was struck by lightning.  Employee #1 w as killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servi ces company, was working from an aerial lift and engaged in maintenance work on an energized high voltage power line.  Employee #1 sustained an electric shock a nd burn.  Employee #1 was wearing the appropriate rubber and leather gloves, but the gloves were found to have holes in the left thumb after the incident.  Emer gency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, whe re he was admitted and treated for second degree electric burns to his left thum b, left leg near the ankle, and left thigh.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on July 1, 2020, Employee # 1 was found by the switch gear panel (e nergized). It was not known that he would be in the switch gear equipment. He su ffered an electrocution and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 11, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical service s company, was working at a police station that had recently been flooded. As Em ployee #1 was replacing electrical wires, he sustained an electric shock and bur ns to his left hand. Emergency services were called and, upon arrival, Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for his injuries .
caught_fatal	At approximately 7:15 p.m. on January 7, 2013, Employee #1 was preparing a 2010 Frieghtliner tractor for a trip.  He was reaching into the cab of the tractor th rough the open driver's door when the tractor moved forward and the door made co ntact with a concrete bollard.  Employee #1 was caught between the door and the cab of the tractor, in his abdomen area.  A coworker found Employee #1 with the keys to the truck in his right hand and facing the windshield.  Employee #1 was transported to a local hospital and died.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on January 13, 2021, Employee #1 and a coworker were working at hei ght and preparing to install a framed wall for a three-story multifamily residen tial structure.  Both were wearing fall protection, but there was excess slack i n their lifelines.  The coworker lost his balance, and both employees fell into an unguarded stairwell.   Employee #1 fell 15 feet and struck a landing.  He req uired hospitalization for injuries that included fractures to four ribs, a thumb , a foot, and part of his face.  The coworker also fell, but from a different an chor point, and his fall arrest system caught him.  He struck the ground but wit h reduced force, and he did not sustain injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On August 6, 2003, an employee and three coworkers were working on a high power electrical structure. Two linemen were on the ground and two were on the high power electrical structure. The employee, an apprentice, and the coworker, a journeyman, had climbed the high power electrical line structure to insert a link in the three lines, phases A, B, and C. The lines had already been deenergized by Reliant Energy. Before the employee and the coworker could insert the links in the three lines the induction current had to be bled. They first checked the three lines for active voltage. The instrument used was set to detect electricity above 100 KV. The induction current wasn't detected but the linemen knew the induction current had to be bled before it was safe to work the three lines. The coworker hooked a jumper from the A phase line to ground. The induction current was bled. The coworker connected a jumper from B phase to ground. The induction current was bled. The coworker connected the jumper to C phase but connected the path to ground back to B-phase. The induction current was not bled down. The employee and the coworker were working from the C phase arm. They were working from a fiberglass ladder to insert the links. The fiberglass ladder was held in place with a chainfall. The chainfall was touching the C phase line. When the employee grabbed the chainfall and the electrical line structure to get on the fiberglass ladder, he became the path to ground. The employee stated that he was being shocked. The employee climbed back on C phase arm and collapsed where the coworker started Cardio pulmonary resuscitation. The employee was killed.
caught_fatal	On May 20, 2011, Employee #1 had backed up his truck to a trailer of another truck for offloading used appliances. He placed his truck's manual transmission into neutral and applied its hand parking brake, and then exited the vehicle while it was running. Employee #1 walked to the back of the other truck and was standing between the truck and trailer with his back to his truck. He opened the doors on the trailer, and his truck rolled back, crushing and killing him between the two trucks.
electrocution_fatal	On October 3, 2003, Employee #1, a welder, was working on a job at Blommer's Chocolate. His supervisor had brought a stick welder, but it had the wrong plug. The supervisor and Employee #1 decided to switch plugs with a wire welder they had been using for the past week even thought the plug on it did not fit or mesh properly. Employee #1 was removing the plug when he was electrocuted. Apparently, Employee #1 thought he was removing the plug on the welder, but instead he had removed the cover from a receptacle on the extension cord.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on March 21, 2014, Employee #1, employed by a construction contractor, was part of a crew installing a concrete patio at a single family residence. He was operating a Skilsaw circular power saw to cut a notch in a 2-inch by 4-inch piece of lumber. His intention was to create a screen for leveling out the concrete about to be poured into the concrete form for the patio. Employee #1 held onto the piece of wood with his left hand and operated the saw with his right hand. As he initiated a plunge cut into the wood, the saw kicked back. The saw blade made contact with Employee #1's left thumb, cutting it off at the joint. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Sutter Hospital, where he was admitted and treated for the finger amputation. It was not possible to reattach the finger. Employee #1 remained hospitalized overnight. At the time of this report, Employee #1 had not returned to work. This event was investigated by Cal/OSHA.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on October 13, 2017, an employee was carrying sheeting to a locati on on a roof. The employee slipped on the metal roofing, which was wet, and fell between 11 and 13 feet. The employee  was hospitalized for his injuries, and la ter died as a result of his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on August 2, 2018, Employee #1 was operating a rail mounted Hydraul ic Wall Saw, (Cushion Cut; Model CC-360) to make a cut into the exterior of a br ick wall.  Employee #2 was assisting. The employees were working at an elevation of approximately 50 feet, on the roof of the north cellblock building; adjacent to the south wall of the building being demolished.  Using a rail mounted hydra ulic saw, Cushion Cut, Model CC-360, Employee #1 made one cut along the length o f the south wall.  Multiple passes were necessary to cut through the 30 inch bri ck wall.  The cuts were made approximately 5 feet below the top of the south bri ck wall.  Large cornice and ornamental stones were mounted on top of the wall. The second cut pass was started when the over head stonework fell, striking the two workers.  A large stone fell on the upper body and head of Employee #1, resu lting in a fatal injury.  Employee #2 was pinned down when large stones fell ont o his fall protection lanyard cable.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on February 24, 2017, Employee #1 was working as a full-time employ ee for a framing contractor. He was at  a new residential construction site and he was outside pushing a wheel barrel air compressor.  He was at location Phase 3, on the ground level.  A coworker was driving a Gradall Model Number 544D-10W all-terrain forklift. Its backup alarm was sounding. The coworker did not see Em ployee #1.  Employee #1 was wearing his reflective vest under his sweatshirt.  E mployee #1 was struck by the right rear tire of the Gradall and knocked to the g round.  His legs were run over by the Gradall's tire.  He sustained serious leg fractures and required hospitalization for greater than 24 hours.  Employee #1's immediate supervisor was on the job site at the time of the incident. The emplo yer reported the serious injury in a timely manner.  DOSH learned of the acciden t that same day.  The Division was notified on February 24, 2017, by both emerge ncy services and the employer that an employee had sustained a serious leg injur y.  No serious accident-related citations were issued as a result of the investi gation.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:15 p.m. on October 3, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a greenhouse manufact urer, was operating a horizontal bandsaw to cut metal conduit for spacers.  It w as his first day operating the saw, and he had been cutting the spacers for appr oximately 8 hours when his right hand spasmed and made contact with the saw blad e.  A portion of his right thumb was amputated.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for the p artial amputation.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 7, 2019, Employee #1 was driving KLX Truck #427 to drop off several pallets of paper products. The employee backed up the trailer van i nto the receiving area and then detached and parked the KLC Truck just outside t his receiving area. He exited his truck and walked into the receiving area and i nto the Truck Trap Area. He began communicating with an employee via intercom at the drop off site through the Security Window.  At approximately 11:45 a.m., as Employee #1 was standing and waiting for the receiving employee to open Overhea d Door #2, he suddenly collapsed. Employee #1 fell forward, hit his chin and nec k on a small metal table and then fell backwards toward the side wall. The emplo yer was summoned by his security staff, who immediately began chest compressions on Employee #1. EMS was called and responded. First responders continued to att empt to revive the fallen employee.  At approximately 12:26 PM, he was pronounce d dead by paramedics in consultation with the hospital base station. According t o the medical examiner, Employee #1 died from a heart attack.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on January 31, 2019, an employee was securing the ca rgo of Kubota tires for transport. The employee fell from the trailer and landed on a  hard surface ground causing unspecified injuries.  The employee was trans ported to the hospital for these injuries.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 10, 2021, and employee was unloading large glass panels whe n they fell on him. The employee suffered head trauma from being crushed and str uck by the panels and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was engaged in electrical work.  He was rerouting cables to a circuit box.  An arc flash occurred, and Employee #1 sustained flash burns.  Emergency s ervices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 22, 2003, Employee #1 was cutting 2-in by 4-in. wooden blocks using an electric-powered hand saw. The saw blade contacted an imperfection in the wood causing it to kick-back severely lacerating his left hand from the middle finger to the bottom of his wrist.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on March 4, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a constr uction company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a one-stor y commercial building.  They were working near the edge of the roof, marking loc ations for bolts on the side of the building.  Employee #1 fell off the roof's e dge, a fall height of 11.5 feet, and hit his head on the concrete floor.  Emerge ncy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He d ied while receiving treatment.
electrocution_fatal	On 15 April 2010, an employee was operating a soil auger inside a shallow trench. The auger was boring a hole underneath the intersection so that an 8 inch natural gas line could be laid. The auger was approximately third of the way across the intersection when the auger struck a 7,200 volt power line, electrocuting the employee operating the auger.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on October 18, 2018, Employee#1, who was off duty, was operating a wide belt sander to work on a wood project for a friend. The piece of wood becam e stuck and kicked back, hitting the employee in the face. Employee #1 sustained a facial fracture and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 25, 2015, an employee was sitting on top of one of the met al trellis joists that he was preparing to clean.  The employee fell from the jo ist, hit the railing or wall at the edge of the deck, and continued to fall appr oximately 14 feet to the concrete pool deck on second floor of the building.  Th e employee was wearing a harness, but was not connected to anything for fall pro tection. The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on March 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in interior carpentry at a three-story commercial building project .  He was operating a Skilsaw Model SPT77WML Circular Saw, Serial Number 7010029 88, to rip wooden boards for interior framing.  The power saw's running blades c ame into contact with his left hand, and three fingers were amputated.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitte d, and treated for the finger amputations.
electrocution_nonfatal	On November 06, 2004, at about 11:30 a.m. Employee #1, a drywall contractor, while working taping the walls inside a residential house, and while using 48-in. tall stilts, the employee tripped over an electric conductor, fell on a concrete floor. Employee #1 fractured both wrists that required surgery. The employee remained hospitalized for 2 days.
fall_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on December 23, 2013, Employee #1 was installing clear plastic shee ting over ceiling insulation tiles preparing the area for painting. The employee was standing on a standard sized masonry block that was placed on a single plan k which was positioned on the railings of a scissor lift in order to reach his w ork area. Employee #1 lost his balance, and fell 18 feet to the floor below. The employee sustained blunt force trauma to his head and body upon impact with flo or, killing him.
caught_nonfatal	On July 22, 2009, Employee #1 had his hand on an exposed belt and pulley when he apparently lost his footing and began to fall. He held onto the belt and his right fingers rolled around a large pulley, causing lacerations and crushing injuries to two fingers. The electrical motor to the belt and pulley had not been energized at the time of the incident.
fall_fatal	At 11:27 a.m. on May 1, 2017, an employee was using a pneumatic nail gun to perf orm sheathing work on the east facing exterior of the residential building from a portable extension ladder.  The employee fell and landed on some water pipes a pproximately 12 feet when the ladder collapsed.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 20, 2017, an employee was working for a temporary help ser vice. He was found with apparent injury to his head. A nail fired by a Simpson S trong Tie power-actuated tool had struck him against his head. He was hospitaliz ed. The incident was not considered construction related.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 6, 2002, Employee #1, a pipeline crew member, and coworkers were moving an excavator underneath a 7,200-volt power line when the boom contacted the neutral line. The excavator stopped, and Employee #1 climbed up on the boom to lift the neutral line and allow the excavator to move foward. During this process, one of his shoulders contacted the primary power line and he received an electric shock. Employee #1 fell approximately 15 ft from the boom to the ground. He was hospitalized and treated for electrical burns, lacerations, contusions, and a compressed vertebra, which left him paralyzed from the waist down.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on June 9, 2015, Employee #1 was walking on a roadway being reclaimed, examining for materials or debris that could damage a 2011 Wir tgen Reclaimer Model WR 2500 S, Serial Number 04WR 0406. The Wirtgen Reclaimer w as backing-up for a second pass on the roadway when Employee #1 was struck-by th e back left wheel and was run over and killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:15 a.m. on August 4, 2016, a worker was installing insulation consisting of 4 feet wide by 20 feet long metal panels to the roof.  While working, the worke r unhooked his lifeline from its anchor point and fell approximately 36 feet to the concrete ground and was killed as a result of head and body trauma. The inci dent was witnessed by the foreman onsite.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 1, 2018, an employee used a metal pole to get better leve rage on a chain binder handle. At some point, the pole struck the employee on th e face. The employee received a jaw fracture and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 6, 2020, an employee was driving a garbage truck when he wa s involved in a roll over accident. The employee incurred a broken pelvis in the accident and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 5, 2021, an employee loosened the bolts on the center wedge of a moving jaw on a Jaw Crusher (Make: Pioneer, Model  Number 4248, Seria l Number 723871) to clear a jam. The moving Pitman arm/jaw released, struck, and pinned the employee's head to the frame of the equipment. The employee died on the way to the hospital due to blunt force trauma to the head.
caught_fatal	On May 24, 2011, Employee #1 was training a coworker to drive a yard truck (Model Year 1987, Model Identification Number TJ4000, and Serial Number SN-4457). Employee #1 was riding on the back of the cab, as the coworker drove the truck. The coworker attempted to connect the truck to a trailer (Identification SPC 108) in the yard. While backing up the trailer, the truck missed the kingpin and Employee #1 was thrown from the truck. The coworker was unaware that Employee #1 was behind the truck. The truck continued to back toward the trailer when Employee #1 was pinned between the truck and trailer. Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries that killed him.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 29, 2017, an employee was completing maintenance work in a hand dug well that included the replacement of the well pump and associated wat er lines. The employee was climbing down a ladder into the well when their feet slipped from the ladder rungs.  The employee was hanging from the bottom of the ladder and was unable to bring his feet back to the ladder rungs.  Several cowor kers attempted to assist the employee. However, the employee could not hold onto the ladder any longer and fell approximately 40 feet, falling into the water th at was approximately 15 feet deep.  Anne Arundel County Emergency Services (EMS) was contacted and a rope was lowered to the employee who used it as a lever whi le waiting for EMS personnel to assist with the employees rescue. The employee 's vital signs were check but the employee refused any medical treatment.  The e mployees injuries consisted of abrasions, cuts, and lacerations to their back, wrist, and hand.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 23, 2006, Employee #1, an electrician, was troubleshooting and repairing a set of ultraviolet lights used to dry printed paper in a large printing press. The electrical system was serviced via ballasts rated at 600 volts. Along with another electrician from the same company, Employee #1 had been troubleshooting the system for two days without success. The company owner had come to the site to assist with the job. The company owner and a witness were at the control panel testing switches when Employee #1 entered the machine to move electrical connections. He was out of view of the owner and witness when he apparently contacted an energized connection. Through a crack in a panel, the witness at the control panel saw Employee #1 lying on the ground of the machine. He and the company owner extracted Employee #1 from the machine and performed CPR. They were successful in reviving him. Employee #1 sustained burns to his left index finger and thumb. He was transported to the hospital, where his finger and thumb had to be surgically amputated. Following an investigation of the accident, the employer was cited for a violation, general, of T8CCR 1509(a), pertaining to its Injury and Illness Prevention Program; an accident-related violation, serious, of T8CCR 2320.5(a), concerning work procedures and re-energized equipment; and a violation, serious, of T8CCR 2320.4(a), that covered work procedures/lockout-tagout methods.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 8, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a build ing exteriors company, were working at a residential construction project.  They were installing a waterproofing/insulating siding wrap to the house's exterior. The roof above the front porch began to collapse, and Employee #1 was struck b y the falling material.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis an d contusions to his lower back and torso.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 3, 2016, an employee performing spray operations on an i ncline in a golf course with a John Deere 2020A ProGator with John Deere HD300 ( 300 gallon capacity) Sprayer to apply a chemical to make the surface green.  The tractor turned over on the incline and its rollover protection cage was found r esting on the employees head.
fall_fatal	At 9:13 a.m. on January 24, 2018, an employee was carrying a tilt-up brace. The employee tripped and fell to the floor with the brace landing on his head. The e mployee died from blunt force injuries to his head.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 13, 2008, Employee #1, who was working under the direction of Hilbers Construction, was exposed to live energized equipment and systems when assigned the job of demolishing the electrical equipment in the electrical room. The creating and controlling employer, B&H Electric Inc., did test and prove all electrical equipment; wires and circuits were deenergized prior to releasing electrical demolishing project to Hilbers laborer employees. At approximately 10:20 am, Employee #1 cut into the electric cables with a reciprocating saw and then tried to push the cables into the conduit with a steel hammer. The feeders landed directly on the energized 480-volt, 1,200-ampere bus and caused an electrical fault. The ensuing electric arc burned the employee.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 8, 2018, an employee was applying fire caulking to drywa ll seams and wall penetration cracks near the ceiling using a trough and trowel while on a step ladder. As the employee was working, the ladder shifted and the employee his lost balance and fell ten feet. The employee suffered fractures to his neck and back (4 vertebrae), head contusion, and spinal cord damage that has left the employee paralyzed from the waist down and organ complications.
caught_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on January 9, 2013, Employee #1, driver and owner, a nd a coworker unloaded a scrapped motor vehicle off of a flatbed truck.  The cow orker was returning the flat bed portion of the truck to its stowed position whe n Employee #1 leaned over the trucks frame rail in order to fix or check somethi ng.   The coworker did not see Employee #1 bending over the rails and Employee # 1 was pinned between the trucks frame and the bed.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on May 6, 2019, Employees #1 and #2 worked on the roof of a residen tial structure to conduct demolition work. At some point, Employee #1 began to f all from the roof and Employee #2 grabbed Employee #1 to stop the fall. Both emp loyees fell approximately ten feet from the roof. Employee #1 received unspecifi ed head and neck injuries and Employee #2 received unspecified injuries to both legs.  Both were hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 28, 2013, Employee #1, with Red Hawk Fire & Security (Ca) LLC, was replacing an old fire alarm system with a new one in a 14 story building, with a coworker. Employee #1 and the coworker were searching the basement level to find a junction box containing wires to the system. Employee #1 looked at the schematics, and it appeared that the juncture box was in the fan room where Employee #1 located an unmarked junction box which was the same color and dimensions that held the wires on the other floors. This box (18 in. by 18 in.), however, turned out to be 480 volts. The coworker loosened four screws in the corners and was holding the screwdriver when he began to lift and to pull the cover away from the box. While doing this, the coworker tilted the cover and touched it inside the box. When the coworker did this, an arc flashed that threw both Employee #1 and the coworker back. Employee #1 sustained burn injuries to his face and hands. Employee #1 later learned there was no junction box holding the missing wires. The wires had been spliced and dropped in one of the pipes. Employee #1 instructed his coworker to open an unmarked box that should have been marked with voltage, amps and other identifying information. The coworker did not have electrical training. The coworker was a full-time permanent employee of the employer with no other contracts. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	On May 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a one-story commercial building rehabilitation project.  He was nailing the peri meter of the roof when he broke through an unsupported/unsecured piece of plywoo d decking and fell 13 feet, striking the concrete surface.  Emergency services t ransported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a cute traumatic injuries including an epidural  hematoma, multiple rib fractures, and fractures of the lumbar spine.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 5, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in the construction of a new building.  He was dismantling a steel DOKA concrete forming panel.  Without first ensuring that the forming panel was connected to the tower crane and thus secured, the employee removed all structu ral t-bolts holding the forming panel upright .  The forming panel broke loose f rom the concrete and fell to the ground.  Employee #1, whose fall protection was attached to the forming panel, fell 19 feet and struck his head against the con crete surface.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was kil led.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 11, 2018, an employee was moving inventory with a powered i ndustrial truck, Forklift GS12, Model Number 2C5000 and Serial Number AT9031293. The employee maneuvered the forklift in an unsafe manner and the forklift tippe d over. He sustained bruises on his leg and head. The employee was not hospitali zed.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 21, 2017, an employee was working from a roof, unscrewing screws to detach clips that were holding roofing material in place. During work, a gust of wind caused the employee to fall 17 feet. The employee suffered a fra ctured skull and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 10, 2021, Employee 1 and Employee 2 worked in the media n of an interstate to prepare concrete to secure a signpost to the ground. At so me point, a passing motor vehicle, veered off of the interstate, struck, and kil led both employees.
electrocution_fatal	On September 10, 2004, Employee #1 and a coworker were moving an aluminum ladder when the ladder contacted an overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on July 9, 2015, an employee was setting roof trusses while framing a chicken house.  The employee was killed when they fell approximately 11 feet to the concrete.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on May 22, 2017, an employee was hitching up a tandem trailer rig. The employee backed the truck and first trailer into a second trailer and then exited the cab to hitch the second trailer.  The parking brake in the truck was not engaged and the working surface had a slight upward incline.  As the trailer was hooked up and the employee hooked up the air brakes, both trailers rolled b ackwards approximately 8 feet. The first and second trailers jack knifed into on e another and the employee was crushed and killed.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on June 11, 2018, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were pulling additio nal wire from a previous room into the mechanical room. Employee #1 fell from th e top of a switch gear while trying to pull wire and sustained blunt force head trauma. Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On October 25, 2007, Employees #1 and #2, of Peoples Electric, were installing a temporary branch circuit for a tower crane to be built onsite in preparation for constructing an addition. They were in the electrical room of the existing building, installing a connector onto the ground for the new circuit when an arc flash occurred. Employee #1 suffered second- and third-degree burns to his face, arms, and hands. He died on November 7, 2007, as a result of his injuries. Employee #2 suffered first- and second-degree burns to his face and arms, for which he was hospitalized. The cause of the arc flash is not known. Neither Employee #1 nor Employee #2 was wearing adequate PPE for working on or near live electrical parts, and no other safety precautions were taken.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on March 27, 2017, an employee was climbing out of a scissor lift basket. The employee climbed out of the scissor lift before tying off to an anchor point. He fell 22-ft 10-in. through a 76-in. by 48-in. hole in the decking. The employee was hospitalized and treated for unspecified injuries.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on February 22, 2016, Employee #1 was working in and around a large timber log pile.  Employee #1 was killed by a log which fell and struck him.
fall_fatal	At 11:51 a.m. on July 19, 2017, an employee was installing roof tiles when he fe ll from the roof. A passing neighbor had noticed the employee was bent over coug hing before falling to the ground and becoming unconscious. Emergency services w ere contacted and, upon arrival, worked to revive him. After 30 minutes of worki ng on the employee, he was determined dead from possible cardiac arrest.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 17, 2013, an employee was refastening a gutter. The e mployee was working from an extension ladder re-fastening the upper rear gutter. A coworker working on the roof walked across the roof to the location where he last saw the employee working and saw the employee lying on the concrete ground. The employee died a day later from head injuries.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 20, 2017, an employee was holding a tag line on a traff ic signal arm that was being moved with a Altec digger/derrick. The rope on the winch broke and the employee was struck by the load. The employee was killed fro m blunt force trauma to the head and upper body.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on February 13, 2015, an employee was working on neutral lines in a bucket truck.  The employee lowered the bucket to retrieve a tap rod, elevated the bucket above the neutral lines to the live power lines carrying 7,200v.  The employee reached to grab the armor guard on the live lines and was electrocuted .  At the time of the accident, he was not wearing the proper protective gloves when he made contact with the overhead power lines.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:36 a.m. on April 21, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an elec trical services company, were engaged in installation work inside a 24-foot buil ding.  They were pulling Cat 5E data cable from the top of a large walk-in freez er and attaching J-hooks.  The employees were not using fall protection.  Employ ee #1 fell, a fall height of 23 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Emplo yee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractur es to both ankles and injuries to multiple vertebrae.
electrocution_fatal	On June 12, 2004, Employee #1 was was carrying a 24 ft tall aluminum scaffold pole from the back of a house to the front when it contacted an overhead power line connected to the house. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on September 10, 2018, an employee was conducting roofing repairs o n a single-family home. The employee removed approximately fifty clay roof tiles and began to lay down new roofing paper. At some point, the employee slipped, t ripped, and fell ten feet off of the roof. The employee received fractures to hi s left wrist, ankle, and tibia (lower leg) and was hospitalized for fifteen days .
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 25, 2009, Employee #1 of Redwood City Electric, Inc., was replacing an emergency exit sign. While replacing the signs, he accessed the sign's wiring and received a 277 volt electric shock from the sign. Employee #1 was treated and released for electrical burns.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 a.m. on June 29, 2022, an employee was performing traffic services in a construction area close to his vehicle.  The employee's vehicle displayed red an d blue lights .  A vehicle drove through barricades, striking and killing the em ployee. The vehicle's driver was arrested for intoxication assault and manslaugh ter.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 16, 2018, an employee was operating a drill (DeWalt DWD22 0 ? inch drill, 10.5 amps, 1,200 rpms) using a one inch bit (Tri Flute one inch wood boring drill bit) to drill holes into concrete forms for a slab concrete fl oor. The glove on the employee's left hand became caught in the drill bit and th e employee received an avulsion to his left thumb.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 22, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in the installation of a modular home assembly.  He was lowering a bottle jack so that the modular hom e would sit on wooden cribs (blocks of nailed wood boards).  As the employee was lowering the 12-ton bottle jack, the jack base dislodged in the unstable, soft, wet, muddy soil.  The employee, who was standing between the modular  building and another modular trailer, was pinned underneath the modular building.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of crushing injuries, in cluding multiple fractures of the pelvis.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 30, 2019, an employee worked to strap plastic water barrie rs to a lowboy trailer. At some point, a wind gust blew over a barrier, which st ruck the employee and knocked the employee off the trailer. The employee was hos pitalized to treat a fractured hip.
caught_fatal	At 2:51 a.m. on February 14, 2014, an employee was lifting the landing gear on a trailer.  The tractor trailer's parking brake was not set and as it was lifted, the tractor drifted backwards and jackknife into neighboring trailers.  The emp loyee was crushed between the cab of his tractor and a neighboring trailer as he attempted to active the foot brake with his hand. The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 4, 2021, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a constr uction company, were engaged in the demolition of a commercial building.  The fo ur employees had worked as pipe layers (trenching and excavation work) in the pa st and did not have the background to understand the hazards and means of protec tion when working at heights.  They were working from the building's trusses and using chain saws to cut out the rafters.  No employee had been provided fall pr otection or PPE to protect them from the hazards of operating chain saws.  The c rew later stated they were not trained on fall protection, and the employer was unable to provide proof of fall protection training for his employees.  As they were chain sawing the rafters connected to the trusses, the roof collapsed.  Emp loyee #1 and the others fell, a fall height of approximately 15 feet.  Employee #1 died at the scene.  Three employees were transported to the hospital, one for treatment of a fractured leg, the others for contusions.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:10 a.m. on September 22, 2017, Employee #1 was shearing metal in a squarin g shear. He put his hand inside the shear and inadvertently stepped on the foot peddle, causing an amputation of his left index, middle, and ring fingers. The e mployee was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on January 16, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a utility line constr uction company, was working with coworkers to replace the crossarm of an electri c utility pole.  He was kneeling next to the pole and removing the plastic cover from the electric line insulators.  As the crossarm was raised and positioned, the rope used to raise the crossarm broke.  The crossarm fell approximately 30 f eet and struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for vertebrae fractur es of the neck and upper back, a head laceration, and a concussion.
caught_fatal	At 9:00 p.m. on July 29, 2021, an employee was turning a corner heading to the P roduction Area roll-up door. The forklift lost control due to the wet floor and collided with the doorframe of the washroom. The employee's body was caught in b etween the out-of-control forklift and the doorframe and crushed him. The employ ee received massive internal injuries to include a crushed pelvis and multiple b roken ribs. The employee later died due to internal bleeding because of the inju ries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was cutting rebar at a building construction project.  Sparks ignited his cloth ing, and Employee #1 was burned.  He was transported to the hospital, where he w as admitted and treated for second and third degree burns.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 8, 2018, an employee was was operating a tractor trailer and backed into a tipper to unload construction debris from his truck. After th e employee unloaded, he drove off the tipper and parked his truck approximately 65 feet in front of the tipper and went to the back of the truck and appeared to be latching his rear trailer doors. While the employee was located at the rear of the truck, an equipment operator was operating a Caterpillar 973C, Crawler Lo ader to push construction debris in the landfill. During this process, the opera tor backed into the employee who was caught between the rear of the loader and t he trailer on his truck.   The employee was pronounced DOA by First Responders.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on September 13, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a c onstruction company, were engaged in leading edge work at a multiemployer constr uction project, a two-story structure.  They were installing metal decking and h ad just completed welding activities.  As they handed down the welding leads to ground level, Employee #1 stepped on the corner of an unsecured extra piece of m etal decking and fell to the concrete floor below, a fall height of 13 feet 4 in ches.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for a concussion, a head laceration that re quired staples, shoulder abrasions, and contusions.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 25, 2017, an employee was attempting to reset a chain on to a sprocket by using a wrench and screwdriver. As a coworker started the equip ment so the chain could move over the sprocket, the employee's fingers got caugh t between the chain and sprocket. The employee sustained two finger amputations on his right hand.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on June 12, 2017, an employee was cutting a section of a mud pump u sing a welder. The vapors in the mud pump ignited and a cap forced from one end of the mud pump struck the employee. The employee sustained an internal chest in jury.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on November 28, 2016, Employee #1, employed by an elevator company, was engaged in auditing an elevator job.  As the elevator was moving, his hand connected with the elevator cables.  Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amput ation of two fingertips.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on April 9, 2014, Employee #1 was removing shingles f rom a roof when he fell 9 feet to the ground and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 1, 2017, Employee #1 was trying to determine the need for temporary doors to be hung on the construction project. The employee unknowingl y entered a room with a floor opening. The employee fell 14 feet through the flo or hole and landed on a piece of steel on the level below. Employee #1 sustained multiple rib fractures, a left forearm fracture, and a right humerus dislocatio n, and died from his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 plugged a 220 volt pressure washer into an outlet to begin washing down a wall in a bakery. The employee was later found by his supervisor lying on the floor, unconscious, and not breathing. Employee #1 had been electrocuted. Later investigation of the pressure washer and the 240 volt receptacle into which it was plugged revealed that the pressure washer was improperly wired, with a hot phase on its plug connected to the case of the machine. This energized the machine frame and other parts of the pressure washer and equipment in electrical continuity with the machine.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a lumber company, w as engaged in interior carpentry work at a residential construction site.  While using an unguarded portable table saw to cut trim for a cabinet, Employee #1 ca ught two fingers in the saw blade.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the amputation of the two fingers.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on July 26, 2022, an employee was climbing into a trench. The emplo yee climbed onto the end of the trench box (spreader bars), and one side of the two point sling came unhooked from the trench box, causing the box to fall and p in the employee between the spreader bars and wall of the trench. The employee w as killed due to a crushed chest and head.
fall_nonfatal	On February 17, 2017, an employee was unloading automobiles from a car hauler tr ailer. The employee was standing on the top level nearest the truck tractor when he miss-stepped and fell off the side of the trailer falling approximately 8 fe et, landing on the pavement. The employee suffered a fractured foot and left sho ulder, damage to tendons in the left knee, dislocation of the left shoulder and possible neck injury. The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries .
caught_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on August 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story commercial bu ilding.  He was cutting the steel band wrapped around a bundle of wood lagging. The lagging fell on the employee and pinned his leg against a steel I-beam.  Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for severe cont usions and a laceration to his left calf.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on August 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical service s company, was working at a two-story commercial building.  He was wiring a ligh t fixture in the ceiling when he made contact with 277 volts of electricity.  Em ployee #1 fell through the ceiling, a fall height of approximately 17 feet.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for electrical burns to both thumbs and index fingers and a chest wound caused by the electric shock.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on August 29, 2018, an employee was operating a Lull moving a porta ble wood building on a gravel / dirt road.  The Lull hit a soft spot in the road and the Lull started to roll over, the operator exited the vehicle and ran, the Lull's raised mast struck the employee, and crushed his head, resulting in a fa tality.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on July 17, 2019, an employee was assisting coworkers with servicing the skid steer.  The  bucket arm came down and struck employee i n the head.  The employee was hospitalized for these injuries.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1, a plumber, was electrocuted while performing his duties. The original narrative gave no other details.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 a.m. on August 10, 2021, an employee was driving a concrete mixer truck and pulled onto the shoulder of the road to check the concrete prior to deliveri ng the load to a bridge construction project site. The employee most likely fell while getting out of the truck. A coworker (Driver Trainee) was in the passenge r seat but he did not  see the employee fall. The employee fractured his skull a nd was killed.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 30, 2014, Employee #1 was inside of an unprotected trenc h that was 12 feet wide by 15 feet long by 10 feet deep. The employee was making a new connection to the city sewer system for a house that was under constructi on. The walls of the trench caved in, covering Employee #1, asphyxiating and kil ling him.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 22, 2017, Employee #1 was making a width reduction cut on a wooden door threshold. The employee was using an unguarded table saw with a te n-inch blade. Employee #1's left hand struck the blade of the saw, and he sustai ned lacerations to his hand as well as amputation of his left index finger and t ips of middle and ring finger.
electrocution_nonfatal	A power line crew was replacing a damaged crossarm on a utility pole. The pole supported two overhead power lines--a 70-kilovolt power line at the top and a single-phase 12-kilovolt power line about a meter lower. A power line worker on the crew had removed the 12-kilovolt conductor and neutral from the crossarm. As he swung the phase conductor to anchor it to the pole, it contacted the 70-kilovolt power line, causing an electrical fault. The ensuing electric arc burned the employee. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 p.m. on June 24, 2010, Employee #1 was working in a warehouse that stocked grocery products. As Employee #1 was preparing to operate a Crown, stand-up type forklift, Model Number RD-5200, Serial Number 1A338870, located in one of the warehouse isles, another operator who was operating a similar Crown, stand-up type fork-lift, Model Number RD-5700, Serial Number 1A351485, turned down the same isle that Employee #1 was in. Employee #1 had his left foot resting on the forklift and his right foot on the ground, when the forklift operator hit Employee #1's right foot. Employee #1's foot became pinned between both forklifts, which caused multiple fractures. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby medical facility, where he was hospitalized and underwent surgery to mend his right foot. However, approximately five days later, the front half of Employee #1's right foot was amputated due to an infection that occurred.
caught_fatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on May 1, 2018, an employee was inside a Genie Sciss or Lift Machine, Model # GS-2632, Serial # GS3215A-138879, and was applying all- purpose joint compound on the drywall ceiling before final sanding and painting. The employee was maneuvering the Genie scissor lift machine between two stair ways and over the stair's railing to get underneath the ceiling and had leaned o ver the stair railing to ensure that he had cleared the railing.  The employee s et the high speed lift's button on the platform control panel and caught his upp er torso and neck between the top rail of the lift and the ceiling.  The employe e sustained asphyxiation with blunt force trauma of the abdomen and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was performing maintenance work at a two-story multifamily residential build ing. He was using a Hitachi 12-inch Laser Miter Saw, Model Number C12FDH, to cut scrap wood for disposal. His glove became caught by the saw blade, and his hand was drawn into the blade. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was t ransported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for a severe laceration to his left index finger and tendon.
electrocution_fatal	On August 13th 2009, Employee #1 of Advanced Utility Service, Inc. was working as a journeyman electrical lineman and was elevated in an aerial lift. Employee #1 was working to upgrade the three phases of an existing electrical distribution line to larger conductors in a residential area. Employee #1 was working at a pole with Employee #2, an apprentice electrical lineman, also elevated in a different aerial lift at the same pole and a groundman was assisting on the ground. During the process of hoisting and moving the existing energized "A" phase, Employee #1 contacted energized conductors and he was exposed to 7620 volts of AC voltage. Employee #1 was severely injured and burned. He was airlifted to a regional hospital where he survived for 6 days before he was taken off life support and he died.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on June 22, 2010, Employee #1 and a crew had been working on a trench and were ready to wrap up the day's work. They needed to cover the trench with a 1-in. thick metal plate, 8 ft by 20 ft. The plate was picked up by a T216 front loader with fork attachments. The front side of the plate was already on the ground. As the loader backed out to release the rest of the plate, it moved further out than the crew anticipated. The plate landed on top of Employee #1's left toes. Employee #1 was hospitalized for several lacerations to his toes.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 8, 2014, Employee #1, a framer, Coworkers #1, #2, and #3, and their direct supervisor, Coworker #5, all employed by a construction framing contractor, were engaged in framing work at a large building project, the construction of 246 multifamily apartment units. The company had been working at the site for approximately three months and was expected to complete the contract in another two months. As the crew was standing up a wall frame that measured approximately 10 feet high by 14 feet long, it fell on top of Employee #1. No other members of the work crew were injured. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to UCLA Medical Center, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured right leg. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA at 7:24 p.m. on April 8, 2014. During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that Employee #1 had worked for the company since 2012. Leading up to the event, Coworkers #1, #2, and #3 apparently had placed one end of the bottom of the wall frame into a bolt that was cemented into the floor. Employee #1 had not placed his end of the frame into the corresponding bolt. Therefore, the wall was unstable. During the standing up process, when the three coworkers let go of the wall, it fell, striking Employee #1 and pinning him between the frame and the floor.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on September 18, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a co nstruction company, were working at a heavy construction job site.  Employee #1 was instructing his coworker in the operation of a Bobcat S590 Skid Loader.  The coworker was in the operator's cab, and Employee #1 stood outside the cab and c onducted the training.  When the loader's power was started, the forklift attach ment tilted toward the cab and struck Employee #1, crushing him between the hydr aulic hose housing and the forklift attachment.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he required treatment for a lacerated colon, four fractured ribs, and a fractured pelvis.
caught_nonfatal	On August 29, 2013, Employee #1 was trying to separate two pieces of pipe with a wrench on a well drilling platform. The foreman reversed the gear on the drill to unthread the two pipes, which caused the wrench to thrust forward and pining Employee #1's middle and ring finger against the back of the well rig. Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries to his hand. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	On May 18, 2013, Employee #1, a truck driver, was exiting his truck. The employee closed the door of the truck and his finger was caught in the door. Employee #1 reported to an area hospital, where he was treated for a finger laceration, and later released.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 21, 2005, Employee #1, of Pacific Data Electric, an electrical contractor, was helping install a new 440-volt electrical power service for a machine in a spectacle grinding facility in Los Angeles, CA. His supervisor, who was not on site, had assigned him several tasks. He was replacing a slide in a module in an electrical cabinet that contained two 220-volt buses when a nut fell, causing him to jump and cross-phase the buses with a screwdriver. An arc blast occured and Employee #1 suffered second-degree burns on his hands and forearms and first-degree burns on his face. He was hospitalized for two days. Employee #1 was not wearing protective gloves.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a marine contractor, was lifting up a plate washer being used with a heavy metal rod to break up concret e.  The metal rod slipped out of his hand, striking the plate washer.  The emplo yee's left index finger was pinched between the plate and the concrete seawall. The finger was crushed and degloved to the first joint.  The employee received medical treatment for the finger injury but was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 2, 2019, Employees #1 and Employee #2, employed by a concre te construction contractor, were working at the site of a new two-story multifam ily residential structure.  They were preparing to pour concrete in the tie-beam s.  Employee #1 and Employee #2 were both holding the concrete pumping hose when the hose kinked, sending the hose on a violent swing that struck both employees off the tie-beam and down to the plywood floor.  The employees were transported to the hospital and admitted,  Employee #1 for treatment of a concussion, and E mployee #2 for treatment of a fractured tailbone.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was engaged in plumbing installation at a new multifamily residential structure, a multiemployer construction project.  He was standing on a 6-foot ladder and u sing a hole saw to drill a 4-inch hole into the top plate.  The saw kicked back and struck the employee's face.  The employee fell, a fall height of 5 feet.  He was treated for a bruised shoulder, lacerations to his arms and legs, and two b roken teeth.  He was not hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was removing equipment, hardware, and conductors under tension. The knot tied to the dolly holding the conductor slipped and released the tension on the conductor. The conductor flew in the air, and the wire grip came off the conductor and struck the power line worker in the head. He died of his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on September 5, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a ro ofing company, were doing roofing repair work at a four story multifamily reside ntial building.  They were caulking the flashing of a canopy above a garage.  Em ployee #1 stepped off the canopy and fell, a fall height of 11.5 feet.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured back.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:55 p.m. on March 1, 2006, Employee #1, a field foreman, and a coworker were installing "stub-outs" as part of putting in the second of two 90 degree elbows into the energized front of a pad-mounted transformer. Employee #1 made contact with the spade connector on the transformer and was shocked. Employee #1 was transported to UCLA Medical Center, where he later died. Upon further investigation, it was determined that measures were not taken to prevent accidental contact with live electrical equipment. The employer was cited for an accident-related violation, serious, of T8CCR 2320.2(a).
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 31, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at the site of a new residential structure.  As he was walking across a wooden plank, he fell into an excavation, a fall height of 8.5 feet.  Employe e #1 struck his head on a rock and pieces of concrete forming material.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for head injuries and lacerat ions.
caught_fatal	On February 28, 2014, Employee #1, an excavating and loading machine operator, employed by a construction general contractor, was driving a dump truck carrying a load of snow along a road. The snow had been cleared from an excavation worksite. The New Haven, Indiana Police Department subsequently theorized that the truck bed was raised, but the tailgate was stuck. According to the police report, Employee #1 apparently exited the truck to work on this problem. He stepped between the two rear wheels on the passenger side of the truck. When the tailgate opened, the load of snow shifted as it began dumping. This appears to have caused the truck to move forward, trapping Employee #1. The truck rolled over Employee #1, who was killed. Employee #1 was alone, and there were no witnesses. This work-related fatality was investigated by Indiana OSHA.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on December 7, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in framing work for a new two-story residence.  He was walking along the framework for a wall when he fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet, and struck the concrete floor bel ow.  Employee #1 sustained a traumatic head injury and fractured clavicle and wa s killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 3, 2021, an employee was working for a firm engaged in space research and technology. He worked as a plumber, pipefitter, and steamfit ter. He and a coworker were working in the GSE shop. They were moving a section of square steel tubing. It was 12 in across and 12 ft long (300 mm across and 3. 6 m long). It weighed 500 lbs. (230 kg). They were moving the tubing with ac lif ting magnet attached to a manual-remote gantry crane. The weight limit for the m agnet was 300 lbs. (136 kg). Its capacity had been surpassed by 200 lbs. (90 kg) . The workers had lifted the piece 1 to 3 ft (0.3 to 0.9 m) above the concrete s urface. They were maneuvering it to a location in the GSE shop where it would be fitted into a steel box frame. The two employees were guiding the tubing with t heir hands on the load. The tubing released from the lifting magnet and fell ont o the left hand of the employee. His supervisor, working with other employees, m ade several attempts, using the magnet, to lift the load. Eventually they were a ble to lift the load slightly, enabling the employee to pull his left hand out f rom under the load. The employee suffered a partial amputation of the ring finge r on his left hand in addition to crushing injuries to and lacerations of the mi ddle finger and thumb on the left hand. He was hospitalized. The employee also r equired surgery. At the time the narrative was written, he was still receiving l ong term therapy treatments. The employer had failed to ensure that employees co nducted a pre-lift test by hoisting and lowering the crane's apparatus, although that was required.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 31, 2003, Employee #1 and coworkers were working on an energized 12-kilovolt power line pole, utilizing an aerial device to make up "pot head" connections on a new, not-yet-energized line. They were using a hydraulic pump, powered by an electric motor, to press on the pot head clamps. The pump had an approximately 18 ft long conductive hose. During the course of their work, this hose contacted the energized power line, which was located below the aerial device. The current was transferred through the hose, up through the pump, and down the extension cord to the generator that was supplying power to the pump. The electric generator was mounted on a utility truck. Employee #1 was standing on the ground next to the utility truck at the time the hose contacted the power line. He received a severe electric shock and burns to his left thigh and foot, for which he was hospitalized. The causal factors of this accident were the employer's failure to ensure that non-conductive hoses were used for hydraulic pumps when they are being used around energized power lines. In addition, the employer failed to inform and train employees on the types of hydraulic hoses that were to be used when performing this type of work.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 1, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at the site of a new golf course.  He was measuring decorative rock around a lake when lightning struck.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on November 3, 2017, an employee was working from a tapper scaffold to sand a wall. The scaffold tipped, the employee fell approximately 37 inches from the scaffold onto the concrete below.  The scaffold landing on the employee s chest.  The employee had a laceration on his head, a brain bleed, causing him to be in an induced coma and later died from his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 15, 2018, an employee pulled a stucco hose from the thi rd level of a scaffold to the second level. The hose then began to fall, in an u ncontrolled manner, onto the employee and the employee fell from the scaffold. T he employee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the left foot and back.
struck_nonfatal	On February 22, 2014, Employee #1, a fence helper, and coworkers were working for a sanitation company that engaged in temporary site services by providing portable restrooms and fences for commercial, industrial and residential venues. Employees began their shift at 6 a.m. on February 22, 2014 and they were cleaning and repairing metal pipes in the fence yard. There was a truck parked in the fence yard in front of the rack where cleaned metal pipes were placed. A coworker was doing maintenance work on the truck to weld hooks. The distance between the truck and the rack was approximately 8 ft. After the lunch break, Employee #1 was operating a forklift to move a bundle of metal pipes from the rack to the storage area. As he approached the rack on the forklift, another coworker walked over to him to talk. After the talk, Employee #1 started walking away from the coworker. Employee #1 was walking parallel to the rack when the coworker tried to lift up a bundle of metal pipes from the rack with a Yale forklift (Model Number GLP060TGEUAE087 and Serial Number A874B21877A). This bundle consisted of approximately 60 pipes and length of pipes ranged between 6 to 8 ft. The coworker lifted the bundle at an angle because of the truck parked in front of the rack. The bundle of metal pipes fell and struck the right leg of Employee #1, fracturing his ankle. The load on the forklift was not balanced, braced and secured as to prevent tipping and falling. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he underwent surgical procedures and received additional medical care and was then hospitalized for 11 days.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 21, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction cont ractor, was engaged in fireproofing at a building construction site.  He was sta nding in an elevated wood box when he slipped and fell from the box to the floor , a fall height of 10 feet.  The wood box also fell and struck Employee #1's hea d.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on November 24, 2020, Employee #1, a Laborer employed by a small co nstruction company and a coworker, the company's owner, were building a new sing le family home.  Employee #1 and the owner, the only persons at the site, were i n the process of moving precast concrete blocks into position to make a level pa d for the excavator to sit on.  According to the owner's subsequent statement, h e was in the excavator and operating it to move the concrete blocks, which each measured 6 feet by 3 feet by 2 feet and weighed approximately 5,400 pounds, whil e Employee #1 was rigging up the blocks.  Neither was wearing head protection. According to the owner, he became distracted and inadvertently hit the excavator 's swing lever, causing the excavator's arm to swing.  The excavator's bucket, a ttached to the end of the arm, struck Employee #1's chest.  Employee #1 sustaine d blunt force crushing injuries to his chest and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on May 24, 2021, an employee, apprentice, was working on transferring paint from a tote to a bucket.  The employee and a coworker wer e working together in taking the paint out of a tote. One tote (less than half-f illed) was put on another fully-filled tote of paint. The employee was moving/sh aking the upper tote to try to take the leftover paint out. Suddenly, the upper tote slipped and landed on the employee's left ankle. The employee was hospitali zed for treatment , including surgery.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 26, 2005, Employees #1 and #2, both laborers, were finishing the laying of a 50 foot by 100 foot concrete slab. Employee #1 raised the handle of a 23 foot long bull float into the air, accidentally contacting an overhead power line that was 22.5 feet tall. Employee #1 sustained an electric shock and fell to the ground. The handle remained on the power line and a coworker used a two by four to push the handle off the line; however, the bull float handle remained energized as it fell towards Employee #2 and struck him. Employee #2 also suffered an electric shock. Both Employees #1 and #2 were taken to a nearby hospital, where they were hospitalized and treated for their injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 22, 2015, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a cons truction company, were positioning bundled concrete supports onto a front end lo ader for transport off the job site.  Employee #1 cut the metal band holding the concrete supports tightly together in order to re-stack and re-bundle the suppo rts.  When the band released, the bundle flew apart, and a support struck Employ ee #1's leg.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a broken femur.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on November 29, 2014, an employee was backing up a tractor trailer to the loading dock.  The employee fell out of his truck and struck his head on the parking lot blacktop. The employee was killed from traumatic injuries that i ncluded multiple skull fractures.
caught_fatal	At 7:45 p.m. on July 15, 2014, an employee was working for a firm that made and provided ready-mix concrete. He was chipping concrete from the inside of a concr ete truck's drum. As  he was cleaning out the drum, he actuated the drum's rotat ing mechanism and he sustained bodily contusions and internal organ damage. The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on November 19, 2020, the employee was welding. The employee was u sing a crane to flip a steel beam on one end to stand vertically. Chain rigging on the overhead crane caught the bottom of the vertical beam, causing the beam t o flip and strike the employee. The employee was killed when he was caught betwe en two beams and then fell to the ground.
caught_fatal	On July 21, 2010, Employee #1 was a permanent employee working for a concrete company as the driver of a gunite truck. The company had been contracted to install a swimming pool and spa in Ft Myers, FL. Employee #1 had delivered gunite material, a combination of sand and cement mix, to the location. A four-person team was also at the accident site to spray and shape the gunite as it was dispensed from the gunite truck. The crew was positioned forty to sixty feet away from the truck; they last saw the driver heading toward the truck with a shovel. Although the truck was empty at the time of the accident, the crew's supervisor assumed that the driver was going to the truck to bang the shovel against the sides of the bin. This act would have loosened any sand that had become stuck inside on the wall of the bin. It was often done by drivers, but only from the outside. Minutes later, the supervisor released one of the crew members to see if the driver needed assistance. The truck was empty, and no product was being dispensed by the truck. The crew member arrived at the truck but could not locate the driver. The truck's auger, which was still in operation at this time, made it difficult to hear. The crew member remained at the rear of the truck waiting for the driver. It was at this time that he noticed a piece of clothing being expelled from the auger. He quickly turned the truck off and immediately notified his supervisor. The shovel was found on the top edge of the sand bin undamaged. The supervisor found Employee #1 inside the truck's sand bin, caught in the 9-inch auger located in the bottom of the bin. The supervisor called emergency medical services. The driver was alive when he was extracted from the auger, but he died on the scene while being attended to by emergency responders due to leg amputations. The mobile gunite truck was a 1989 International industrial truck which contained two bins. One bin held sand, and the other held cement mix. The truck had a 9-inch diameter auger, 17 feet, 7 inches in length, which ran through the bottom of both bins. The auger transferred sand from the sand bin to the cement mix bin. The two materials were combined and sent to another auger, the mixing auger, located at the rear of the truck. The mixing auger was located outside the truck bins. It extended 9 feet, 9 inches in the rear of the truck. Although there was a ladder located at the rear of the truck, the only time it was used was when the driver visually inspected the load to ensure that a full load was received when material was being loaded into the truck. The loading area was located at the employer's establishment in Cape Coral, FL. The mobile gunite truck had several warning labels posted on the outside of the truck warning of the dangers of the auger, including serious injury, amputation, and death. The driver had been employed eight months. He had received guidelines and training on driver responsibilities on November 20, 2009.
electrocution_fatal	On July 13, 2007, Employee #1 was tacking 4 ft by 8 ft sections of expanded metal to the floor of a new compressor building. He was using a Miller Electric Welding machine, Model Number Dialarc 250 AC/DC in the DC mode. He was sitting on the grounded metal surface when his chest made contact with the welding electrode in its holder. Employee #1 became the path to ground and was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 25, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was using a table saw to rip a wood board at a commercial building site.  The employee was pushing the board with his left hand.  When he reached to turn the power switch off with his right hand, the board kicked back, and his left hand was pulled into the blade.  One finger was amputated by the saw, and two other f ingers lacerated.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment.  A physician treated the amputation and needed to surgically amputat e the two severely lacerated fingers.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:20 p.m. on January 25, 2022, employees were sliding cassettes over tables. As they were sliding the cassettes, a cassette began to move and an employee fel l down on the ground.  The employee was admitted to the hospital due to an injur ed vertebrae.   The employer was acting as a solar contractor. The work being pe rformed was installation of solar panels in a middle school. This was a temporar y jobsite. Operations included material handling, assembling of cassettes that m ake up the panels, and installation.  No violations that caused the injury were identified.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on November 18, 2011, Employee #1, a Laborer with Complete Decon, Inc., was performing demolition work on a 70-ft-tall metal structure. He was in a Genie S-85 aerial lift cutting sections of metal on the fourth floor with an oxygen and acetylene torch. The lift was not insulated to protect against electrical hazards. Winds were 10 to 15 miles per hour. When the lift platform came within 1 ft of an energized 60,000 volt phase-to-phase overhead high voltage line, an arc flash occurred. Employee #1's clothes ignited and he lost consciousness. A coworker lowered the lift with the ground-level controls and assisted Employee #1 out of the lift. He was hospitalized at U.C. Davis Medical Center for first-, second-, and third-degree burns to his hands, arms, and stomach covering a body surface area of 35 percent. There were no witnesses to the incident.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 20, 2018, Employee #1 was observing the crane's movement a nd placement of a steel beam. The steel beam disengaged from the crane's haul li ne and fell, striking the employee on the head. Employee #1 sustained a fracture d skull and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on March 16, 2017, Employee #1 was vacuuming water ou t of a casement pvc pipe, that was around a bridge pylon support in preparation for pouring of cement.  A vehicle, a Ford Bronco, crashed through the barricades and traveled 60 foot in the air and struck Employee #1, killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at the jobsite for a residential structure.  He was chalking lin es near the edge of the open-sided second floor when he fell to the concrete, a fall height of 10 to 12 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, adm itted, and treated for a concussion and fractures to multiple vertebrae, his rig ht foot, and three toes.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on May 2, 2019, Employee#1, employed by a roofing company, was doin g renovation work at a one-story multifamily residential building.  He was on th e roof when he unhooked his lanyard and climbed down to the ground to get a chal k line.  When he climbed back up the ladder, he did not reattach his lanyard bef ore he knelt down to snap the chalk line.  He was kneeling on the edge of the ro of when the flexible waterproofing material gave way.  He fell approximately 8.5 feet onto a pile of landscaping posts.  The employee was transported to the hos pital and admitted for treatment of multiple rib fractures.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 4, 2022, an employee was standing on the trailer bed of a truck, placing a tarp over the truck's cargo.  There were high winds noted dur ing the time of the incident. The employee fell from the bed of the truck and hi t his head on concrete.  The tarp may have possibly caught a wind gust and throw n the employee off-balance. The employee suffered a head injury and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 7, 2019, Employee #1 was driving KLX Truck #427 to drop off several pallets of paper products. The employee backed up the trailer van i nto the receiving area and then detached and parked the KLC Truck just outside t his receiving area. He exited his truck and walked into the receiving area and i nto the Truck Trap Area. He began communicating with an employee via intercom at the drop off site through the Security Window.  At approximately 11:45 a.m., as Employee #1 was standing and waiting for the receiving employee to open Overhea d Door #2, he suddenly collapsed. Employee #1 fell forward, hit his chin and nec k on a small metal table and then fell backwards toward the side wall. The emplo yer was summoned by his security staff, who immediately began chest compressions on Employee #1. EMS was called and responded. First responders continued to att empt to revive the fallen employee.  At approximately 12:26 PM, he was pronounce d dead by paramedics in consultation with the hospital base station. According t o the medical examiner, Employee #1 died from a heart attack.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on July 10, 2015, Employee #1 was tightening a bolt on the backside of a porcelain insulator of an overhead power line from within t he bucket of his service truck. As he worked, his face touched a one phase of th e energized side of a switch contact that was located at head level while his el bow was touching the grounded structure. The voltage was 7.2 kV, phase to ground . The electricity went through his body and electrocuted him.
fall_fatal	At 6:19 p.m. on September 30, 2013, an employee was walking on a work platform i n order to begin his work shift.  A section of the work platform gave way and th e employee fell 16 feet, suffering fatal injuries to the head.
electrocution_fatal	A journeyman power line worker was replacing insulators on a 230-kilovolt overhead power line with the assistance an apprentice power line worker. The journeyman was on a 3.7-meter-long Epoxiglas hook ladder (Hubbell-A. B. Chance Catalog No. #H4904-12), which was suspended from the truss of the top arm of the tower supporting the power line. After completing the work, he removed the grounding cables and gave them to the apprentice. As the journeyman was descending the fiberglass ladder, he contacted the power line, which was energized by induced current. The employee sustained an electric shock and fell off the ladder, flipping upside down suspended from his harness. He remained suspended this way for more than 30 minutes. The apprentice climbed the tower and administered cardio-pulmonary resuscitation to his injured coworker. The supervisor relieved the apprentice, who apparently moved away and also contacted energized parts. The apprentice sustained an electric shock and burns. The journeyman was pronounced dead of electrocution just after arriving at the hospital. The apprentice was hospitalized for treatment of his burns and for observation.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on December 6, 2013, Employee #1, of Acoustic Evolution, Inc., was installing an entertainment system inside a residence. He was on the third step of a Little Gorilla metal articulating ladder set up in the 6-foot step ladder configuration. Employee #1 leaned his knees against the fourth step, leaned his left hand against an adjacent left wall, and began drilling a hole with the drill he held in his right hand. The ladder tipped over, and Employee #1 fell approximately 4 feet to the floor. Emergency services were called, and the Rancho Santa Fe Fire Department responded. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured right leg and fractured right ankle. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA's San Diego District Office by the employer at 4:40 p.m. on December 6, 2013. The Ranch Santa Fe Fire Department also notified Cal/OSHA. In its subsequent investigation, Cal/OSHA determined that the employer specialized in the design and installation of custom home audio and video systems. Contributing to his fall was that Employee #1 did not keep his body weight centered on the ladder.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:53 a.m. on April 1, 2019, an employee walked across a highway to a work zo ne and was struck by a passing motor vehicle. The employee was hospitalized for surgery to treat a fractured hip.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 22, 2003, Employee #1, a roofer, was tying in the roof of a new gymnasium addition to a school building. He dropped a roll of flashing tape that landed on a 9 ft high walkway canopy that was 3 ft below the gym roof. Employee #1 jumped down onto the canopy and picked up the tape. He was trying to climb back to the roof when he suffered an electric shock and fell to the concrete floor. Employee #1 sustained multiple fractures, for which he was hospitalized. Subsequent investigation determined that the ballast of one of the canopy electric light fixtures had a bird nest inside of it. This caused a ground wire to break and, combined with the close proximity of the metal canopy, transferred a 109 volt current through Employee #1.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 11, 2014, Employee #1 was backing a yard truck, model 146 750, serial number 101398426, license plate number C613 with an attached contain er to the dock of the materials warehouse to be unloaded. Employee #1 left the t ruck with the transmission in neutral, and did not engage the parking brake, or place the wheel chocks. Employee #1 walked to the steps of the warehouse and met with the warehouse supervisor to exchange paperwork. A forklift operator picked up a pallet and drove into the container. The warehouse supervisor saw the cont ainer move a little and notified the forklift operator. The forklift operator co ntinued positioning the pallet in the container and the container moved about a foot away from the dock. The warehouse supervisor screamed to the forklift opera tor to stop. As the truck and container started to roll away, the employee tried to place a rock under a wheel to stop it but the truck continued to roll down t he slope. Then the employee tried to jump onto the step of the cab as it was rol ling across the highway but fell and was run over by the wheels of the truck. Th e employee was crushed by the truck and killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:10 a.m. on March 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was on a building roof and engaged in construction activity.  He fell from the roof to the concrete walkway.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was t ransported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a head injury and m ultiple fractures and contusions to his right knee and both lower legs.  The sub sequent investigation report included two versions of Employee #1's work activit y at the time of his fall:  he reportedly was either painting a gutter or instal ling a window screen.
electrocution_nonfatal	On February 22, 2007, Employee #1 was working as a part of a five man crew replacing a three way underground switch, GS2576, with a new four way underground switch, GS3115, to provide a position for a future 12kV circuit. Employee #1 and his crew worked in conjunction with the local utility company's trouble men. They deenergized the circuit, remove the old switch, installed the new switch, and then restored the power. As required, Employee #1 and a coworker proceeded to test the circuit to verify the phase connections. In order to verify phasing, they were using a test set consisting of two probes connected through a wire and a meter built onto one of the probes. The probes had insulated handles approximately 18-in. long. Employee #1 was handling one probe while the coworker handled the other probe. They were contacting different test points with these probes in a sequence prescribed in the phasing procedure. Each of these test points consisted of a basic insulating plug, Model Number K650BIP. Due to a defect, one of the insulating plugs exploded. Employee #1 suffered second and third degree burns on his face, both hands and spot burns to some other parts of his body. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on December 8, 2014, Employee #1 was descending an e xtension ladder from the second floor when he fell backwards to the floor. Emplo yee #1 died.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 1, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a pai nting company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a multi-lev el parking garage.  They were in a scissor lift and being lifted from the third to the fourth level when Employee #1's head and face became caught between the l ift's rail and a concrete ceiling beam.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injur ies to his chin, cheek bones, nose, temple, and eye sockets.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 4, 2018, an employee was operating a transport pontoon boa t.  The boat was caught in the river's current and collided with a spudded barge . The pressure from the current caused the boat to capsize.  The employee fell i nto the water and drowned.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on July 19, 2018, an employee was working for a temporary staffing agency. He was building fences. He was using a Skilsaw or equivalent to rip fen ce boards. He was not using clamps or hold downs when ripping with the saw. He w as ripping a fence board, when his left hand came into contact with the saw blad e. He sustained multiple lacerations and the amputation of one finger on his lef t hand. He was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 5:43 p.m. on May 4, 2021, an employee was retracting the landing gear of a se mi-trailer. The air brakes were not activated and the trailer began rolling forw ard. The employee was caught under the dolly wheels and run over by the trailer and killed.
caught_fatal	At 5:47 p.m. on July 27, 2020, an employee was picking up a shipment at a distri bution center. The employee was staged at the exit gate working with security at the rear of his trailer. A coworker was stopped at a stop sign to the rear of t he employee's truck and trailer.  The coworker was stopped at a stop sign approx imately 150 feet behind the employee's trailer.  The coworker did not set his pa rking brake and went into the sleeper of his truck.  Then, the coworker's truck rolled into the back of the employee's trailer and crushed the employee.  The em ployee later died at the hospital.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 25, 2017, an employee was working in a suspended ceiling grid installing fire sprinkler piping.  The employee came into contact with liv e electrical wiring.  The employee was pulled of ladder by his Foreman and both fell to the floor.  The employee injured his shoulder on impact with concrete fl oor.
caught_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on January 9, 2015, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by an elev ator company, were installing an elevator in a building.  They were running pipe s down the riser and running wires to the hall buttons from inside the shaft.  A s they sliced wires together, Employee #1 was crushed between the basement and t he elevator.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	On December 21, 2018, an employee was strapping down pallets to a flatbed traile r.  The employee was retrieving a strap that had gotten caught on the top of a p allet and fell off of the trailer, striking the back of his head on the asphalt driveway.  The employee was killed from severe blunt force trauma to his head.
caught_nonfatal	On January 3, 2011, Employee #1 was operating a Crown electric pallet jack (Model Number PE4000-60, Serial Number 6A242306) to retrieve a pallet in a pallet rack, when his right middle finger was caught in the rack. Employee #1's finger was fractured. Employee #1 was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	A power line worker climbing on a substation structure contacted a power line and received an electric shock. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
caught_fatal	On December 18, 2010, Employee #1 was completing an assigned task which required him to operate a control for a pump and a clutch for the PTO (Power Takeoff) both located on the passenger side of the truck. For some reason, Employee #1 was underneath the truck, and his clothing became caught in the u-joint of the drive line. Employee #1 was pulled into the frame and rotated around the drive line until released by an emergency response unit. Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 24, 2022, an employee, a painter, was painting the exter ior of a commercial building.   The employee elevated the working platform while working on an incline. A coworker was on the ground assisting the painter. The working platform was elevated approximately 25 feet, and it tipped over, killing the employee.  Factors that caused the injury include using the elevating work platform on an inclined surface and lack of training.  As a result of the invest igation the employer was cited under T8 CCR 3646(l) and 3645(a) for not providi ng instruction in the safe use of the work platform in accordance with the manuf acturer's operating instructions and using the elevating work platform on an inc lined surface. Ground and impact from falling elevating work platform
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 6, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a constr uction subcontractor, were working at a multiemployer site, constructing a cinde r block addition to an existing building.  Employee #1 was pushing a wheelbarrow and cleaning the area under and around a scaffold.  Coworker #1 was working on the scaffold.  Coworker #1 knocked a cinder block from a pallet on the scaffold. The cinder block, which weighed approximately 30 pounds, fell 20 feet, struck Employee #1's head, and broke upon impact.  Employee #1 lost consciousness, and a scalp laceration caused significant blood loss.  Emergency services were calle d, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted, and treatm ent began, but Employee #1 died.  The subsequent investigation determined that t he cinderblock struck Employee #1 with a force of 893.7 Newton.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on May 1, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a constructi on company, were felling and clearing a tree.  Employee #1 and three coworkers w ere cutting large limbs on the ground.  One coworker was operating an excavator with a bucket clamp attachment and moving large limbs that had been cut from the tree to the area where the other employees were working on the ground.  For unk nown reasons, Employee #1 ran underneath a limb being held by the excavator.  Th e limb slipped out from the clamp and fell, striking Employee #1.  Employee #1 w as killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 23, 2018, Employee #1 was performing repairs on a dome st yle, membrane roof. Employee #1 then slipped, lost his balance and fell from the elevated roof level and afterwards suffered a broken leg when striking the grou nd level.  Employee #1 was then hospitalized following the incident.
electrocution_fatal	On October 2, 2003, Employee #1 was installing evaporator tubing under the first floor of a building for a refrigerant leak detection system. He was routing the tubing over HVAC duct work in the mechanical room, and had to climb on the duct work and around the refrigeration piping system. He apparently fell against a water valve, causing water to pour out and saturate the area. Coworkers heard water gushing from the valve and rushed to the scene. At that same time, Employee #1 contacted an energized metal pipe hanger that had previously been installed. The coworkers realized he was being shocked and contacted an electrician to cut off the power to the room. Cowoerks then retrieved Employee #1 and performed CPR until medical personnel arrivewd. Employee #1 was transported to the local hospital, where he died. The metal hanger was anchored into the concrete decking for the first floor. The hanger had contacted a conductor that was installed in the PVC piping in the concrete deck when it was installed. When the building's power was turned on, approximately a month before the accident, the metal hanger became energized because all the conductors were routed through the floor in PVC pipe.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:16 p.m. on October 12, 2018, an employee stood on a boulder in a container mounted on a Palfinger Palift system attached to a Chevy C7500 truck while in th e inclined position to pry the boulders loose in order to dump them. The contain er held eight boulders (weighing approximately two thousand pounds apiece) that were delivered for a landscaping job. The employee used a pry bar to release the boulders and was caught between and pinned by two boulders when they released a nd began to roll. The employee was hospitalized for surgery to treat crush injur ies to the left leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 29, 2018, Employee #1 was using a table saw to cut a curved chair leg. The employee removed the guard on the table saw. As he turned the ch air leg over, his hand made contact with the table saw blade. Employee #1 sustai ned lacerations to his second, third and fourth fingers and loss of his finger n ail.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 8, 2017, two employees were replacing cable wire and post s while doing roadside construction work in the median on Interstate I-20.  Both employees were struck by a vehicle traveling west on Interstate I-20 and were k illed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 26, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in exterior painting at a one-story residence.  He was working fro m an extension ladder and using a brush and paint sprayer to paint the eaves of a gable.  The employee overreached and started to fall from the ladder.  In an a ttempt to stop his fall, he grabbed electrical wires.  The wires were energized, and Employee #1 was shocked.  He fell from the ladder, a fall height of 18 feet .  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admi tted and treated for a dislocated arm, a fractured femoral head, and electrical burns to the fingers on both hands.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 30, 2022, an employee was attempting to open swing-style t railer doors of a tractor trailer loaded with truck tires, prior to moving the t railer into position at a loading dock. When the employee opened the trailer doo rs, multiple tires fell from the trailer and knocked the employee to the ground. The employee was killed due to severe spinal injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on January 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a drywall constructi on company, was working at a multiemployer construction project.  He was standin g on a 3-foot trigger bench/stepladder and screwing a small piece of drywall ont o a ceiling when he lost his balance and fell.  Employee #1 struck a pile of dry wall and stairway steps before hitting the floor.  Emergency services were calle d, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple rib fractures and an injury to his spleen.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 28, 2015, Employee #1, an electrical lineman, was workin g in an aerial lift bucket changing out an insulator on a high voltage power lin e. The employee came in contact with the energized electrical equipment. Employe e #1 was electrocuted and killed.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 was electrocuted while making upgrades on a 7,200-volt power line. The original narrative gave no other details.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on March 14, 2019, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a construc tion company, was engaged in interior renovation work at a multifamily residenti al structure.  The employee was using a sliding miter saw, Ryobi Model Number TS S701, to cut quarter-round lengths of wood for trim.  As the employee cut a piec e approximately 3 inches in length, the employee's left hand index finger came i nto contact with the saw's blade.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the laceration.  The finger required amputation up to the second knuckle.
electrocution_fatal	On May 23, 2006, Employee #1 was working from an approximately 23 ft tall roof to paint the exterior of a commercial building. His paint roller or paintstick struck a nearby 4-kilovolt overhead power line, and he was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:30 p.m. on April 19, 2018, two employees were installing new metal posts to the floor to be used for control of forklift and pedestrian traffic. They were using a welder with metal cover on a metal mobile cart and electric hammer drill .  The welder and metal mobile cart became electrified after the power cord for the welder was plugged into the incorrectly wired 460V, 60A receptacle. Employee #1 leaned over Employee #2 to hold onto the metal post and completed the electr ic circuit, holding him in place.  Employee #2 started to stand up and received an electric shock upon contacting Employee #1 before falling and breaking the el ectrical circuit.  Both employees were hospitalized and treated for electrical s hock.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on or about June 16, 2007, Employee #1 was working in close proximity to energized circuits on the service side of a 480 volt panel board. He was using an uninsulated rachet to loosen the retaining lugs when he contacted an energized conductor, causing an arc flash. Employee #1 sustained serious burns and was transported to the hospital. It was later determined that he was using uninsulated tools and that he was not wearing appropriate PPE.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:47 a.m. on February 25, 2014, Employee #1 was working for a company that placed and removed highway signs. The employer had used two cranes to remove and place a large (100 ft long) sign on the ground. Employee #1 began cutting up the sign with a torch. As he was cutting through the second bottom beam of the sign, the sign shifted, landing on his left foot, crushing it and trapping him there. The cranes were used to lift the sign off his injured foot. Emergency medical personnel were summoned. They arrived and transported to a memorial hospital, where he had surgical treatment on his fractured foot and remained hospitalized for four days.
fall_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on October 3, 2014, an employee was working on the bed of the crane truck to deliver a bank of four compressed natural gas cylinders for gas line m aintenance. The employee was using a crane on the truck to remove the bank from the bed of the truck. The employee fell 50 inches from the truck, sustained brai n damage, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on April 30, 2019, an employee removed spoils from a pipe in an ex cavation. While working, the auger of a boring machine bound up and rotated the machine striking the employee. The employee was hospitalized to treat a pelvis f racture and internal injuries.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 21, 2016, an employee was on a roof and fell through a skylight.  The employee landed on a concrete floor and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 9, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a construct ion company, were remodeling a fast food facility.  Employee #1 was operating a DEWALT Model DCS 575 battery operated cordless portable power saw to cut a piece of plywood sheet when the saw jammed and kicked back, striking the employee's r ight hand and amputating three fingers.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated, including surgery, for t he amputation injuries.
struck_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on December 7, 2018, an employee was receiving wooden trusses that were being lifted by a crane.  The crane boom collapsed, and the crane stuck th e trusses. One employee fell with trusses and was killed.  A second employee inj ured in the incident; however, no information was provided on the nature of the injury to the second employee.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 9, 2006, Employee #1 was tying "MC" cables to a junction box in a ceiling 13 ft by 10 in. high. Employee #1 was using an 8 ft fiberglass A-frame ladder. A #10 solid yellow wire made contact with the set screw connector, causing an arc flash and short in the ground, exposing Employee #1 to 277 volts of alternating current. The breaker tripped. Employee #1 came down the ladder, and for some reason, he fell approximately 4 to 6 ft to the ground, striking his head. Employee #1 suffered a head injury. An on-staff nurse for the host employer began CPR and was able to resuscitate Employee #1. Employee #1 was transported to the Wilkes Regional Medical Center, then flown to Baptist Hospital in Winston-Salem, NC, and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:10 a.m. on November 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servic es company, was engaged in electrical work at a water/sewer treatment plan. He a ttempted to use an STB Phase Rotation Indicator, Model Number 50109-G-DX2, to ch eck the rotation on one of the plant's blowers. The blower was energized, and wh en Employee #1 connected the test equipment, he sustained a 4,160-volt electrica l shock and electrical burns. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 wa s transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for the electrical sh ock and burns to both forearms and hands.
electrocution_fatal	On July 14, 2016, an employee was working for a plumbing, heating, and air condi tioning contractor. He was sealing air ducts to prevent leakage. A coworker was ready to reenergize an air conditioning unit after its installation. The coworke r yelled clear! As he stood up, the employee grabbed a side of the air conditi oner. That side had an open panel. The employee sustained an electric shock. The current entered his left hand and exited his right knee. His right knee was in contact with a metal pipe. The employee was resuscitated at the scene. He was ta ken to a hospital, where he was placed in a medically induced coma. The employee was hospitalized for thirteen days before dying. He never awakened.
fall_fatal	On June 6, 2018, an employee was laying out decking on the top of a steel frame and trusses.  The employee lost his balance and fell from a deck height of 23 fe et 3 inches to the asphalt parking lot.  The employee is killed from injuries re ceived from the fall, including a brain contusion, two spinal fractures, kidney laceration, spleen laceration, and fractured ribs.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on May 13, 2016, an employee was standing in the shutdown inside-l eft northbound lane, wearing a high visibility vest, flagging traffic with an MU TCD approved orange flag at the intersection crossover.  The employee, who had f lagged the last vehicle across the median at the intersection, was walking with a power sweeper (Tennant Centurion GMC T7500 chassis power sweeper), which backe d up,  struck, ran over and trapped the employee underneath. The employee was ki lled from asphyxia as a result of multiple blunt force injuries,  including cont usions, abrasions, lacerations, fractured head, neck, spine, chest, upper and lo wer extremities.  .
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on February 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a pipeline company, was engaged in excavation and trenching work at a multiemployer construction pro ject, a three-story multifamily building.  He was unchaining a load from the buc ket of an excavator when his jacket sleeve became caught on the joy stick contro l.  The bucket moved inward and toward the employee, and the employee attempted to escape.  He slipped and fell, and the bottom of the bucket descended onto his ankle.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted for treatment of a crushing injury.  Employee #1 subs equently required surgical amputation of his ankle and foot.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was tasked with installing seismic clips on a cinder block wall.  He had climb ed up a Werner 8-foot Type 1A Fiberglass Podium Ladder, Model Number PD6208, and was standing on the ladder's podium.  He was holding a Hilti TE 70 Combihammer and planned to use the rotary hammer to drill holes for the clips.  As he trigge red the hammer, the hammer shifted toward Employee #1.  His left hand slipped fr om the hammer's handle onto the chuck, and his glove was caught in the rotating drill bit.  His left hand pinky finger was twisted around the chuck and sustaine d laceration and trauma injuries.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted, and a surgical review was conducted.  Based on the review, Employee #1 underwent surgery, and his left han d pinky finger was amputated below the second knuckle.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on September 8, 2021, an employee worked to hoist a broken electric al line into place on a pole and sleeve it. While working, the employee made con tact with the live electrical line and was killed by electrocution.
fall_fatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on April 3, 2017, an employee was removing guardrails from an exterior second story balcony. The employee fell approximately 19 feet to the dirt ground below. He suffered from multiple blunt for trauma and was kil led. The owner believed that the employee may have lost his balance while using a ladder to remove guardrails falling to the lower level.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 13, 2018, an employee was riding on the forks of a JL G Telehandler rough terrain forklift to keep transported wall panels from fallin g over while they were being moved by the forklift. As the forklift operator beg an to drive up the driveway, the forklift bounced due to a bump in the road and the wall panels began to fall over. The employee was hospitalized due to a fract ured pelvis and toe were sustained when a wall panel fell on top of him.
electrocution_fatal	On September 9, 2011, Employee #1 was working for a roofing company. Employee #1 was standing on a 40-foot aluminum extension ladder and had replaced approximately 10 feet of white aluminum fascia on the rake edge of a church roof. Employee #1 descended the ladder and attempted to lower the extension ladder. The ladder came within close proximity of an overhead 7200-volt power line located approximately 32 feet above ground and within approximately 10 to 13 feet of the eaves of the church building. The ladder became energized and Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on October 5, 2020, an employee was loading a roll-off box onto a flatbed truck. The employee was tensioning a steel cable when the cable retainer pin broke causing the cable to fly back toward the cab of the truck and strikin g the employee in the back of the head. The employee sustained a fractured skull and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	On April 10, 2018, during a safety inspection on fall hazards in construction, E mployee #1 and a coworker, employed by a painting company, were working at a mul tiemployer construction project, a five-story commercial building.  Employee #1 was working from the top tier of a mobile scaffold and applying paint to the upp er walls and ceiling of the fourth floor.  His coworker assisted by pushing the scaffold to a new location.  While it was being pushed, a front scaffold wheel f ailed to move, and the scaffold tipped over.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 6 feet.  He injured his right shoulder and sustained lacerations to his head.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 6, 2019, Employee #1 was attaching a clip to the bus ba r. The clip fell off and contacted the electrical lug, causing a burn injury to the employee. The employee was injured from the heat from arc flash. The employe e was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:10 p.m. on April 26, 2019, Employee #1, a framer employed by a construction company, was installing ceiling joists at a residential retirement community. The employee fell approximately 9 feet, and his head struck the concrete floor. The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a he ad injury.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 12:25 p.m. on March 2, 2009, Employee #1 was working for an oil well service company on a rig. As Employee #1 was spreading sawdust onto two fan belts that were driving the rig's hydraulic pump, one of his hands became caught between the slave pulley and V-belt. The fifth digit of Employee #1's hand was amputated. Employee #1 was taken to Memorial Occupational Medicine, where he received treatment for his injury. The incident investigation revealed that when water from the hydraulic pump contacted the V-belts, friction was lost between the driver and slave pulleys, causing them to malfunction.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 10, 2018, Employee #1 was working in a fabrication shop, using a Hougen Portable Magnetic Drill, serial number: 4715124, to drill holes in a steel channel. During work, the glove he was wearing became caught in the r otating drill. As a result, one of his fingers was amputated. Employee #1 was tr eated at a local hospital and released. The incident investigation identified th at Employee #1 had not been effectively trained to operate the drill.
struck_fatal	On January 24, 2014, a co-worker was having engine trouble and pulled his trailer to the side of a parking lot. Employee #1 went to assist him and, while looking at the engine, a part called the air dryer came off either under pressure or ruptured, striking him in the head. Employee #1 died later that day.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 13, 2017, an employee was standing behind a block wall, assisting in building a dividing wall with large concrete blocks.  One employee was behind the wall being built, with a chain link fence behind him.  The wall became unstable when moved by a skidsteer and fell on the employee.  The employe e was pinched between the wall being built and the chain link fence behind him, resulting in an amputation on the employee's left leg below the knee.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 23, 2013, Employee #1, employed by B&N Construction Inc., was tasked with cutting a 6-inch PVC pipe at a commercial building worksite. He was operating a STIHL Cut-off Saw, Model Number TS 400, equipped with a fully guarded 12-inch blade. Employee #1 replaced the blade. When he reassembled the saw pieces, which included the bolts and a ring that held the blade at its center, either the pieces were not tightened sufficiently or the pieces were not in place. When he began to cut the pipe, the blade bound up in the pipe. Employee #1 struggled to pull the blade out of the pipe. The blade came loose and swung upwards. The guard on the saw cut his lower neck. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a serious neck laceration. The employer reported this incident to Cal/OSHA on July 24, 2013. The subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1 had been a laborer working for this employer on and off for the past 25 years. He was employed full time by the employer when work was available. No other contracts were in force.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a four-story building.  He was using a cut off saw, a type of circular saw, to cut rebar when the saw igni ted.  Employee #1 was engulfed in fire.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for burns to seventy percent of his body.
caught_fatal	On November 3, 2010, Employee #1 was operating a Toyota, Model Number 8FDU30 fork lift, Serial Number 11352. It was modified to handle waste and recycled paper products by the addition of a hydraulic scoop or pan. He notified maintenance that the bolt used as a retaining pin for the hydraulic cylinder that tilted the pan forward and back had broken. The pin was a grade 8, 1-in. by 10-in. bolt equipped with a lock nut. The maintenance personnel told Employee #1 to raise the pan and stay in the vehicle and the maintenance person would get a jack stand so the bolt could be extracted. As the maintenance man was getting the jack stand, he heard a noise and when he looked back he saw Employee #1 pinned between the pan and the mast of the fork lift. He had exited the vehicle and got between the mast and the pan, and removed the bolt. The pan dropped on his back and pinned him between the pan and the mast. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:28 a.m. on May 4, 2016, an employee had been assisting the bull dozer opera tor in filling in a low spot on the corner of the project site. The employee wen t behind the bull dozer at some point during the back filling operation to shoot a grade and the bull dozer operator did not see the employee in his blind spot. The bull dozer struck the employee and dragged him under the tracks. The emplo yee was killed by bulldozer.
struck_fatal	At 1:15 a.m. on August 1, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working in a highway work zone.  He was marking the highway for lane painti ng when a motor vehicle entered the work zone and struck the employee.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 23, 2018, an employee was directing loading of a truck trailer when he fell off the back of a hauling truck onto the ground 12 feet be low. The employee injured his back.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:33 p.m. on April 25, 2019, an employee was operating a Skillsaw rotating ci rcular saw when his left glove was caught in the blade. The employee tried to pu ll his hand out of the glove but his hand was pulled back into the point of oper ation. The employee was hospitalized to treat a deep laceration to his hand requ iring surgery.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 12, 2014, a coworker was welding a lifting eye on the top of a 210 barrel crude oil storage tank.  One coworker was tack welding two mild st eel sheets together while the employee was on the top of the 210 tank, welding a lifting eye to the center of the tank.  A weld spark or hot slag fell into a th ree inch bung hole that was located on the top of the tank that was approximatel y six inches from the lifting eye, causing the flammable vapors to explode. The explosion made the tank rise approximately five feet, crushing the employee.  Th e employee fell 15 feet to the ground, where he became engulfed in flames.  The coworker in the weld shop was knocked onto his back, receiving minor injuries. The employee that received only minor injuries rushed out of a man door at the b ack of the weld shop and ran around the building to retrieve a fire extinguisher .  The employee proceeded to extinguish the employee and then pull the employee out of the hazardous area.  Emergency services was called and emergency personne l arrived at the site at 2:38 p.m.  The employee was pronounced dead at 4:06 p.m .
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 12, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contr actor, was working at a commercial building.  He was working from a 4-foot alumi num ladder positioned on a Perry Scaffold.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of a pproximately 6 to 8 feet, and struck his head on the concrete surface.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 15, 2021, an employee was working on the power take-off (PTO) shaft of a Tank Wagon truck. The employee climbed under the running vehicl e to work on the PTO shaft and was caught by the spinning shaft, pulling him in by his clothing. The employee was killed by mechanical asphyxiation.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 2, 2015, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were engaged in drywall finishing work in an elevator shaft of a build ing.  They were on the second floor level.  The flooring that covered the elevat or shaft gave way and collapsed, and the two employees fell to the first floor o f the elevator shaft, an estimated fall height of 12 to 15 feet.  Emergency serv ices were called, and both employees were transported to the hospital and admitt ed.  Employee #1 was treated for a right ankle fracture and fall trauma.  Employ ee #2 was treated for head injuries and lacerations.  During the subsequent inve stigation, it was determined that the floor that gave way had been installed and used for approximately 5 to 6 months prior to its failure.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on July 1, 2021, an employee delivered roof tile onto a roof. Whil e walking on the roof, the employee tripped on a ridge cap, slid down the roof a nd fell approximately twenty-four feet. The employee was killed by fatal head in juries.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 18, 2017, Employee #1 was on a flatbed trailer, guiding a forklift operator into a load of steel. The load fell off of the forks, bounce d, and struck the employee. He fell to the ground from the flatbed trailer, and dislocated his neck at the cervical vertebrae. Employee #1 was hospitalized and surgery was performed.
caught_nonfatal	"At approximately 6:30 a.m. on March 23, 2010, Employee #1, a welder, was working alone in the welding area operating a Brobo Super 300 metal cut-off saw. The saw was equipped with two 120 psi pneumatic piston clamps used to hold the work piece to be cut in place. These clamps automatically initiated upon pulling the saw handle downward. While attempting to cut a 3 foot by 3.5 inch by .25-inch flat copper bar, Employee #1 leaned toward the saw to get a better view of the cut line on the work piece. Upon doing so, Employee #1 placed his right hand on the cutting table with his right thumb unknowingly positioned in between the right pneumatic piston clamp and the copper work piece. Employee #1 then pulled down on the saw handle to cut the piece when the piston clamps activated pinching his right thumb in between the right piston clamp and the work piece. Employee #1 thumb was amputated. Employee #1 primary employer, Preferred Personnel of California Inc dba Future Staffing, reported the accident on March 23. Employee #1 had been working for Coy Industries Inc dba ERC Company through Future Staffing for about two months. ERC was a private, incorporated company that fabricates metal components for electronic housings and on site operations included welding, grinding, cutting, painting and press brake operations. It was determined that the accident was caused by the pneumatic piston clamps of the saw which created a hazardous squeezing action not being properly guarded to prevent an operator hand from becoming caught between the clamp and the work piece."
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 3, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was operating a table saw.  A piece of wood he was cutting jumped/kicked up, an d Employee #1's hand was pulled into the saw blade.  Emergency services were cal led, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treat ed for a laceration of his hand.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on July 15, 2015, an employee was operating a BOMAG model BW 124 P DH-3 soil compactor on a decline.  The employee was ejected from the equipment a nd crushed when it tipped over on top of him.  The employee was killed from his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:26 a.m. on October 20, 2005, Employee #1, an apprentice electrician, was using an 8 ft A-frame ladder to install overhead two-by-two light fixtures in the northwest corner of an office space. He had not tested the conductors and he contacted an energized conductor, suffering an electric shock that caused him to fall approximately 4 ft from the ladder to the floor. Employee #1 sustained a laceration to the back of his head. He was transported by paramedics to the UCLA Medical Center, where he was treated and released the same day.
caught_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on May 4, 2015, an employee was installing drainage pipes when the trench collapsed.  The employee was buried and died from asphyxiation.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 31, 2014, Employee #1 was standing on a s caffold installing sheetrock in an elevator shaft using a hand drill to screw th e sheetrock into the beams.  He had one foot on the scaffold platform and the ot her foot on a horizontal piece of wood between the vertical beams. The wood gave way and he fell approximately 14 feet, striking his head and died.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on April 14, 2017, an employee was operating a standup vehicle. Th e employee's leg was caught between the vehicle and a dolly and the employee sus tained a laceration to the leg.
caught_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on October 27, 2020, employees were planting trees outside of the c onstruction project site.  A coworker was operating a Bobcat skid steer with an auger attachment to dig holes for trees. Employee #1 approached underneath the r aised the skid steer arms to retrieve a knife from the coworker. As the coworker withdrew his arm, he activated the controls and lowered the skid steer arms whi le Employee #1 was underneath. Employee #1 was caught between the skid steer's a rms and frame, and he was killed by crushing injury to head and chest.
electrocution_fatal	A truck driver for a container company was picking up a container filled with scrap from a customer. (The truck driver had delivered the empty container earlier that day.) The driver parked his truck and tilt-frame trailer directly under an overhead power line. As he was operating the lift controls near the front of the driver's side of the trailer, the tilt frame contacted the overhead line, electrocuting the truck driver.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 14, 2021, an employee was operating a forklift moving produ ct totes from a process building to a storage shed when he woke up on the ground . A coworker who spoke to the employee said the employee had left the forklift t o check a tote number after placing the forklift in neutral and setting the park ing brake. The employee told the coworker he may have tripped or missed a step a nd fell to the ground hitting the left side of his body on the concrete. The emp loyee had sought medical care three separate times for his injuries. On June 27, 2021, the employee died from cardiac arrest.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 a.m. on June 5, 2019, an employee was connecting a dolly to his front tr ailer. The employee had found his rear trailer unable to connect to so he began to move the dolly forward to connect it to his front trailer. While the employee was rolling the dolly forward the front of the dolly began to rise up. The empl oyee moved his left hand from the grab bar to the front of the dolly to push it back down when the front of the dolly struck the pintle hook on the trailer and bounced the front of the dolly up. The employee's left hand was caught between t he front of the dolly and the trailer. The employee sustained a 2-inch laceratio n between the webbing on his left ring finger and his left pinky that required t reatment, but he was not hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:01 a.m. on May 31, 2019, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by an electric al contractor, were dismantling and removing electrically powered yard dying equ ipment from a closing factory.  To remove large gauge copper electrical wiring f rom an electrical panel, Employee #1, the supervisor, used a hand-held battery p owered grinder with a cutting wheel installed.  The covers had been removed and the power had not been disconnected/secured.  During the cutting, live electrica l wires containing different phases of power came into contact with each other a nd created a phased electrical arc flash and explosion.  The employees were tran sported to the hospital for treatment of electrical burns.  Employee #1, who rec eived the bulk of the arc flash, was hospitalized for treatment of severe burns to his upper body and arms.  Employees #2 and #3 sustained minor to moderate bur n injuries.  They were treated and released without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	Employee #1, a painter, was instructed to paint a wall above a sloped surface but was not provided with personal fall protection and the edges of the sloped surface were not protected. He gained access to the sloped surface from an adjoining staircase. At a point in the operation, Employee #1 either slipped or stepped off the leading edge of the sloped surface and fell 12 feet and 10 inches to the ground. Employee #1 suffered serious injuries and was admitted to the hospital on April 9, 2010 for treatment of his injuries and released on April 12, 2010.
caught_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 6, 2019, an employee went into a shed that was being demol ished to remove some hand tools that were left in it.  The employee was crushed when the shed collapsed, killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on June 21, 2004, Employee #1 was using a Milwaukee drill to mix a 55-gallon drum of paint. While holding the drill's trigger with his left hand and the mixer shaft with his right hand, his gloved right hand became caught by the spinning shaft. Employee #1 was transported initially to San Joseph Hospital, and then transferred to USC Medical Center, where he was hospitalized for an amputated right thumb. There were no witnesses to the incident.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 6, 2021, an employee was working on an oil drilling rig along with two coworkers. The employees worked for a well services provider hir ed as a drilling contractor to drill a new oil well. A rental company was contra cted to provide Farr Canada LW 9625 9-5/8" Lightweight Casing Tongs for running casing down into the well, as well as providing Coworker #1 who was the equipmen t operator. The employee had been employed with well services provider for appro ximately 4 months and his direct supervisor, Coworker #2, was present at the sit e during the time. The employee was positioned towards the front of the tongs ne ar two open safety doors used to prevent pinch point injuries while the equipmen t is in use. Coworker #1 was standing to the rear of the tongs where the control s for operating the equipment are located. Both the employee and Coworker #1 wer e engaged in handling the equipment when the employee was pulling the tongs onto a new string of casing. The employee noticed that the jaw dies were misaligned and so he shouted out to Coworker #1 and proceeded to push the tongs back off th e pipe. The employee was pushing with his hands on the safety door handles. Cowo rker #1 actuated the lever for the tongs as the employee was pushing back. The t ongs engaged the casing causing the employee's right hand to be jolted forward a nd drawn in into the pinch point on the outside of rotary gear and the inside of the cage plate housing. The employee was wearing gloves at the time but since t hey were operating the tongs before the safety doors were shut and securely latc hed and because they failed to install a manufacture recommended safety interloc k upgrade on the safety doors, the gloves did not help prevent or mitigate injur y. The employee was transported and admitted to the hospital. The employee incur red a partial amputation and severe crushing injuries to his right hand 3rd and 4th fingers requiring surgical repairs and several medical visits.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 2, 2021, an employee was spraying adhesive onto a conve yer belt roller when he shook the aerosol can and his finger got caught in an un guarded electric motor pulley behind him. The employee was hospitalized to treat a right index finger amputation.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 26, 2018, an employee was replacing a transformer when an a rc flash occurred from a blown fuse.  The employee sustained burns to his back a nd shoulders.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:53 a.m. on April 22, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a framin g construction company, were erecting a 4-foot by 19-foot exterior wall for a mu ltifamily residential structure.  As they attempted to lift the wall into place, the wall slipped off the 4-inch concrete slab and fell onto Employee #1.  Emplo yee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured right foot.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on September 17, 2008, Employee #1 was using a table saw, a Makita, Model Number 2703, Serial Number 79531A, 10-in. He was ripping a 2-in. by 4-in. wooden board at a 45 degree angle. The guard was not in place and he amputated two fingers on his left hand. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 9:22 a.m. on March 16, 2022, an employee was attaching a chain from a road gr ader to a sugar cane trailer. The road grader backed up, striking and killing th e employee.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on August 9, 2017, an employee was cleaning wood chips off of Rockw ell 0 inch tilting arbor saw fence.  The employee caught his left hand in the un isaw's blade and amputated his ring and middle fingers.  The employee was hospit alized.
electrocution_fatal	On June 17, 2015, Employee #1, part of a five man crew, was installing undergrou nd storm sewer connections for buildings downspouts. A coworker, operating a Joh n Deere Model 50 mini excavator, was creating a 4 foot excavation to lay piping. The excavator bucket contacted a plastic underground conduit with five conducto rs within totaling 480 volts.  The coworker called out to everyone to back away and not touch the exposed live conductors as did the foreman.  Employee #1 bent down and his right hand came in contact with the installation and was exposed to 277 volts on a 60 ampere circuit.  The excavation was 29 inches deep and the da maged conduit was 1.5 inch inside diameter.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 5, 2018, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a residential construction company, were engaged in building a new two-story wood-frame single-family residence.  Employee #1 and Coworker #1 were in the bas ement space to set and block joists that would be the ceiling for the basement a nd the floor for the house's primary living area.  Coworker #2, the Lead Carpent er, was in the basement and had just removed a ledger that was supporting five j oists that were not set on an existing top plate or other supporting structure. Coworker #2 verbally instructed Coworker #1 to avoid the five unsupported joist s.  Employee #1, who was approximately 50 feet away, did not hear the instructio n.  Coworker #1 left the work area to cut a joist.  Coworker #2 left the work ar ea to get more hangers for the unsupported joists.   Within approximately two mi nutes, Employee #1 returned to the work area and walked onto the unsupported/unb raced joists.  The joists gave way, and Employee #1 fell, first becoming entangl ed in a brace during the fall and then striking the concrete surface and a timbe r slab laying on the concrete, for a total fall height of approximately 10.5 fee t.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractured ribs and a fractured lower leg (fibula).
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on December 4, 2017, an employee was filling in concrete holes left by frame work.  The employee was found in an elevator shaft after being missing for four days.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on January 23, 2016, Employee #1 was walking the work site that wa s being graded and he was struck and killed by a Maintainer truck.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on June 13, 2017, Employee #1 was working at a tempor ary construction jobsite. He was drilling holes to install the guardrail post on a restaurant patio walkway. Employee #1 was operating a Hilti T60 concrete core -drilling tool. While drilling a hole, the drill became stuck in the concrete. I t then kicked back and began spinning out of control. As he attempted to step aw ay, the core-drilling machine struck and fractured his ankle. Employee #1 was tr ansported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospital ized.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 12, 2017, an employee was driving an industrial powered truck in reverse between rack shelves placed 13 feet apart.  The employee ran in to the rack shelf located on his left side catching his left hand in between the industrial power truck and the rack shelf.  His left middle and index fingers w ere crushed resulting in partial amputation of both fingers.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 5, 2019, an employee was cutting a board with a Whirlwind Saw. The employee placed his left hand too close to the saw and amputated his l eft ring finger, requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 25, 2014, Employee #1 was operating a dump truck. The dum p truck became entangled in overhead fiber optic and electrical power lines. The employee attempted to dislodge the truck from the electrical lines but was elec trocuted.
electrocution_fatal	Two power line workers were working on an overhead power line. One of the employees, who was wearing protective equipment appropriate for the work, climbed a utility pole. The other employee, who was the lead worker, was instructing his coworker as he climbed the pole. The employee on the pole job was to install a new cutout switch and wildlife protection for the 7640-volt power line supported by the pole. The lead worker told the employee on the pole that he had climbed far enough and turned to retrieve a live-line tool to hand to hand to his coworker. The employee on the pole, who had apparently climbed a little higher, contacted the power line and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On May 18, 2008, Employee #1 was the working foreman of a gas crew assigned to assist an electrical repair crew for an unplanned outage of a high-voltage electrical line identified as Circuit 227. The electrical repair required that the terminator, the terminator cabinet, and the underground conduits containing high-voltage cables between the terminator and a fuse box to be replaced. A gas crew was called in to assist the electrical crew with traffic control and digging to expose the conduits to be replaced. Circuit 227 was opened and deenergized between Switch 227-44 and the Miramar Substation so that the work could be performed. At approximately 12:57 a.m., Employee #1 was observing a coworker digging and was moving a halogen light on a metal tripod from the top of a soil spoils pile onto level ground nearby. As Employee #1 was moving the tripod, his right thigh made contact with a primary cable on the terminator, causing an electrical arc. Employee #1 was exposed to approximately 6,930 volts of electricity generated from back feed, thrown backwards approximately two feet, and landed on the ground. Coworkers attempted CPR until emergency crews arrived. Employee #1 was taken to Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, where he was pronounced dead. The accident was reported at 9:15 a.m. and the employer did fulfill the 8-hour reporting requirement.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in carpentry work at a multiemployer construction project, a one- story residential structure.  He was operating an electric circular saw, a 7-inc h Skilsaw Model Number SPT77WM, and performing rip cuts to wood two by fours.  T he saw kicked back, and the blade made contact with Employee #1's left hand ring finger.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the partial amputation of his finger .
struck_fatal	At 10:50 a.m. on September16, 2014, an truck driver was directing the loading of his flatbed truck with materials. As he stood on the passenger side of his vehi cle, a forklift was placing a second load on the truck from the passenger side o f the vehicle. The second load inadvertently struck items from the first load, c ausing a metal structure to fall off the truck and strike the truck driver. The driver suffered a cut to his abdomen and  a severe head injury. The truck driver was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On April 12, 2006, Employee #1, an employee of Clark Nickles, Inc., was, for some reason, electrocuted. Employee #1 was killed. NOTE: No abstract provided.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 10, 2018, an employee stood on the top plate of framing on the third level of new construction to attach hardware to the walls using a nail gun. The area was misty, wet that morning, which created slippery condition s on the framing. As the employee walked on the top plate, the employee slipped and fell approximately nine feet. The employee received a compound fracture to t he right leg and was hospitalized for surgery to treat the injury.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was in an aerial lift. He was tying in a new overhead power line conductor. He contacted an existing 7200-volt overhead power line and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 8:35 p.m. on February 27, 2022, an employee was in the process of hooking up a car that was involved in an accident to his tow truck. A car being driven by a nother person came into the lane that was marked off by the police and struck th e car the tow truck operator was placing on his tow truck. The car that was bein g placed on the tow truck struck the employee. The employee was killed and suffe red head trauma and a broken leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 2, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a plumb ing company, were working on a military base and installing a new reclaimed wate r pipeline in a trench.  The pipeline had been capped with a ductile iron cap to prevent animals and debris from entering during a holiday break.   Employee #1 was attempting to remove the iron cap from the pipeline without first verifying there was no pressure (water or air) in the pipeline.  As Employee #1 loosened t he bolts, pressure within the pipeline released, causing the iron cap to propel outward and strike the employee.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, w here he was admitted for treatment of fractures to his femur/thighbone and three ribs and a contusion to his midsection.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 p.m. on November 28, 2017, an employee was operating a track mounted exc avator.  After leaving the operators cab of an excavator, the operator was struc k by a motor vehicle that lost control before leaving the active lane of traffic .   The operator of the excavator received a serious head injury after being stu ck by a pedestrian's car that lost control leaving the active lane of traffic. The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on March 8, 2017, an employee was about to reposition anchorage poi nts.  The employee fell from the top roof, striking a lower roof and ultimately falling to the concrete surface, resulting in a hospitalization.  The employee l ater died from the injuries on March 15, 2017.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 31, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a pipelin e construction company, were engaged in pipeline installation work for a sewer/w ater treatment plant.  Employee #1 was inside a 3-foot to 4-foot trench and guid ing a 30-inch reinforced concrete pipe from the west end.  His coworker was oper ating a Case cx80c trackhoe with a 12-foot nylon lifting strap attached to the e quipment's boom.   The boom of the trackhoe lost power, and the arm swung west 3 feet, pinning Employee #1 between the trench wall and the pipe.  Employee #1 wa s transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a lacerated liver an d internal bleeding.
electrocution_fatal	On July 23, 2007, Employee #1, age 19, and a coworker were reinstalling an electrical outlet into a new bathroom wall after it had been removed from the pre-existing wall. The 120-volt outlet electrical box was energized and lying on the floor. Employee #1 went into a crawl space under the house while the coworker went to the electrical panel and shut off the power to the home. Employee #1 was having trouble seeing in the darkness of the crawl space, and he asked the coworker to turn on the power so he could use a halogen lamp that had a cord running up through the floor and into an outlet in the kitchen. When the coworker turned on the power, this also energized the electric conductors that Employee #1 was wiring in the junction box. He was lying on his back under the floor, on top of the water line for the home. This pipe had been used to ground the electrical system of the house when it was built and Employee #1 was electrocuted when he connected the wires. The coworker, hearing a noise, tried to communicate with Employee #1. When he did not get a response, he again turned off the electricity to the house. The coworker alerted the owner and tried to call 911 on his cell phone, but could not get through. He and the owner tried to call 911 on the house's land line, but it was electrically-based, and so they once again turned on the power to place the call. The owner then cut a hole in the floor, removed Employee #1 from the crawl space, and attempted CPR until paramedics arrived. The coroner stated cause of death was low voltage electrocution.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was en gaged in roofing repair work at a one-story commercial building.  As he removed old roofing, he fell through disintegrating metal decking, a fall height of 35 f eet.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was a dmitted and treated for multiple injuries, including possible fractures to his a rms, legs, and ribs.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:41 p.m. on May 21, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing work at a two- story single family residence.  After installing a new roof, he was working from a ladder and cleaning the gutters.  The ladder began to tip to the side, and th en its bottom kicked out.  Employee #1 fell and landed on the ladder, which had fallen to the concrete surface.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, ad mitted, and treated for a fractured right elbow.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:08 a.m. on April 10, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a sign company, were on a building roof and preparing to hang an advertising sign. Emp loyee #1 used a rope to hoist an aluminum ladder up from the alley.  He then gra bbed the upper end of the ladder and began to walk backwards while dragging the ladder along the parapet wall.  The lower end of the ladder rose up and made con tact with an energized high voltage power line operating at 4,800 volts that was in proximity to the building.  Employee #1 sustained an electric shock.  Emerge ncy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He w as admitted and treated for multiple burns.
electrocution_fatal	On October 30, 2003, Employee #1 was clipping and tying on a newly built power line when he contacted the existing, energized, overhead power line. He was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 22, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a roofing compan y, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a seven-story multifami ly residential building.  They were working from the basket of an aerial lift an d installing aluminum trim to the building's exterior.  The basket was positione d between the building and energized overhead primary power lines 39 feet above the ground.  As Employee #1 handled a 10-foot piece of aluminum trim, the metal came into contact with a power line, and Employee #1 was shocked.  Employee #2 t urned and observed Employee #1 being shocked.  Employee #2 hit the aluminum trim with a tube of caulk to free Employee #1 from the electric current.  In so doin g, Employee #2 also was shocked.  Emergency services were called, and the two em ployees were transported to the hospital.  They were treated for electric shock and burns.  One employee required hospitalization, and the other was released af ter treatment.  NOTE:  I WAS NOT ABLE TO DETERMINE WHICH EMPLOYEE WAS HOSPITALIZ ED.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on April 25, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete company, was working as a laborer/finisher at a multiemployer heavy construction project.  H e was moving along a walkway to retrieve a tool when a portion of a shotcrete/gu nite wall fell out.  The falling concrete struck Employee #1's left shoulder.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for contusions to his left shoulder and neck.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on March 29, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an exca vation company, were performing trenching operations at the site of a new multif amily residential building.  The coworker was operating a mini-excavator and dig ging a 3-foot deep trench 2 to 3 feet away from the building.  Employee #1 was a cting as the equipment operator's spotter.  After completing work in one area, E mployee #1 asked the coworker to reposition the excavator.  The coworker began t o back up the excavator, and it struck Employee #1, pinning him between the equi pment and the building.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured shoulder and a sprained hip.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 25, 2017, an employee was performing cleanup of a work area. The employee fell through a floor opening/shaft.  The employee struck rocks on the ground, received head trauma and broken bones and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:37 a.m. on December 4, 2018, an employee was replacing 640 batteries in th e facilities uninterrupted power supply (UPS) room. The batteries were linked in 16 strings with each string having 40 batteries tied in series.  Each string wa s 540V and 2280 amps.   The employee reached overtop of a metal batter rack to r etrieve a Styrofoam spacer and his abdomen came in contact with the string of ba tteries below.   The employee was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on September 10, 2018, an employee was working to clear an obstruct ion in a drain line using a motorized drain snake. As the employee was operating the motorized drain snake, a portion of cable caught onto the employees hand l ocated near the drum. The cable caused the employee's middle finger to twist and was amputated at the first knuckle. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 p.m. on February 7, 2020, an employee had loaded a car onto a flatbed tw o truck and was attaching the back straps to car when he was struck by a passing vehicle.  The employee sustained multiple bone fractures and internal injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 4:40 p.m. on June 22, 2005, Employee #1 was using a JLG aerial lift to install trim around the doorways of newly built townhouses. He was moving the lift when he contacted a 7,400-volt overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted, sustaining second-degree burns to his head, back, and right arm. Employee #1 had completed jobs similar to this one during the seven years he worked for Roof-Spec, Inc., and the company had a written safety program that addressed preventing electrocutions when working near power lines. The company also had a written safety program that covered wearing fall protection when working from aerial lifts, but Employee #1 was not wearing a harness and lanyard.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 19, 2018, an employee was cutting an 8-inch 20 foot PV C water line with a Stihl Cutoff Saw when the blade was pinched and it kicked ba ck towards him, striking the employee in the face and lacerating his cheek.  Hos pitalization was not required.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 12, 2022, an employee was finishing up the shift from we lding on a ship panel and putting equipment away. The employee fell off the pane l to the ground and fractured his pelvis.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on March 16, 2019, an employee was cutting a piece of aluminum with a radial arm saw and amputated the tip of his left thumb when he struck it with the saw blade.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 7:23 a.m. on April 24, 2018, an employee was walking across a walkway near th e scale office and was run over by a skip loader driven by a coworker and who di d not see the employee.  The employee suffered a partial amputation as well as m ultiple bone fractures.  The employee died approximately one month later.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 p.m. on July 8, 2013, Employee #1, with United Parcel Service, was working as a delivery driver, transferring packages from a parked trailer. Employee #1 was setting up and moving the expandable roller conveyor from the back of the parked trailer to a conveyor located at the loading dock. The conveyor slipped from his hands and fractured his right small finger. Employee #1 was transported and admitted to the hospital.
caught_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on March 16, 2020, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a mobile home company, were working together at a multiemployer construction project.  Employe e #1 was installing a hydraulic jack underneath a manufactured home.  The home s hifted off the jack stands and fell.  Employee #1 was caught between the structu re and the ground.  He was killed by crushing injuries to his torso, neck, and h ead.  Employee #2 was hospitalized for treatment of unspecified injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 27, 2020, an employee guided a brace held in a sling and suspended by a crane. At some point, the forty-two-foot by six-inch, five-hundr ed-pound brace slipped from the sling and fell onto the employee's right foot. T he employee was hospitalized to treat multiple fractures to the right foot.
fall_fatal	At 8:15 p.m. on August 18, 2018, the employee was walking to a ladder while on a residential roof and had been preparing to climb down.  The employee unfastened his safety lanyard and lost his balance, falling off of the top roof and struck a lower roof during his fall to the ground.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 8, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multifamily residential building that was being renovated. He was operating a grinder machine and using an extension cord that was not gro unded and that was in contact with a wet surface.  The extension cord was connec ted to a non-GFCI source.  Employee #1 incurred an electric shock and fell uncon scious to the floor.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electric shock injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 9, 2018, Employees #1 and #2 and a coworker, employed by a c oncrete company, were engaged in foundation work at a multiemployer construction project, a new one-story commercial building.  Employees #1 and #2 were setting forms to be used to build the building's foundation.  Their coworker was operat ing a backhoe being used to dig foundation footings.  The coworker was transitio ning from driving the backhoe to operating the backhoe bucket.  This required th e machine's transmission be in neutral.  However, the transmission was not shift ed to neutral.  As the coworker faced the backhoe's rear and throttled up the ma chine, the backhoe moved forward and struck Employees #1 and #2, who were workin g in front of it and were not visible to the rear-facing coworker.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital.  B oth were admitted and treated for leg fractures.
fall_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on January 15, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in reroofing work at a two-story single family residence.  The em ployee was wearing two harnesses but was not tied off to an anchor point or safe ty line while on the roof, which had a 9:12 pitch.  The employee fell from the e ave to the concrete patio, a fall height of 23 feet.  He was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on April 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working in the employer's yard.  He was standing on a site-built wood ladde r and holding onto a wooden roof truss brace while counting stacked lumber.  The brace broke, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 15 feet, and struck a concr ete pad.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis.
electrocution_fatal	On August 12, 2002, Employee #1 was cleaning a residential waste water drain operating a Roto-Rooter Model Number 4000 machine. Power was from a household 2-wire receptacle through an extension cord. The cord was missing the grounding prong. The nut that secured the non-insulated metal on-off-reverse switch to the cover plate was missing. This allowed the switch to move freely in the switch housing. The switch terminals and wire leads came in contact with the bolt that secured the switch bracket and switch housing to the head casing. The machine became energized and Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on March 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a steel construction co mpany, was working at a multiemployer heavy construction building project.  He w as preparing to climb up a reinforcing steel wall that was being hoisted by a no n-rated spreader bar.  The rigging failed, and the steel wall fell onto Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hos pital.  He was admitted and treated for serious back and leg injuries.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on December 11, 2014, Employee #1 was loading passenger cars and va ns onto a vehicle transportation trailer. All 7 vehicles were loaded, and the em ployee was lowering the trailer's rear section to allow for safe transport with roadway clearances when the hydraulic mechanism became stuck. Employee #1, stand ing on the elevated vehicle tracks, tried to manually loosen the set screw with a socket wrench. The employee had to reach over his head to put the socket wrenc h into a visually obscured recess to loosen the set screw. The employee slipped and fell between the vehicle sections, hitting his head on the metal transporter trailer and then the asphalt pavement, and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 7:48 p.m. on November 16, 2016, an employee was operating a Caterpillar teleh andler forklift Model 1055C, serial number KDE01436.  The employee was traveling down a dirt slope ramp that was approximately twenty percent grade with the for ks downgrade and the plate compactor attached to the fork with a chain.  The emp loyee was driving with the cab door open at the time of the accident.  The emplo yee operating the forklift lost control, went into the trench and was ejected fr om the cab.  The employee was pinned between the forklift and the dirt wall.  Th e employee suffered internal injuries and a fractured pelvis and was fatally inj ured.
fall_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on December 23, 2013, Employee #1 was installing clear plastic shee ting over ceiling insulation tiles preparing the area for painting. The employee was standing on a standard sized masonry block that was placed on a single plan k which was positioned on the railings of a scissor lift in order to reach his w ork area. Employee #1 lost his balance, and fell 18 feet to the floor below. The employee sustained blunt force trauma to his head and body upon impact with flo or, killing him.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 2, 2016, an employee was assigned as the oiler for a Ma nitowoc model 888 crane. As steel was being moved, the employee was caught by a moving part of the crane's superstructure. The employee was killed from a fatal head injury.
fall_fatal	On July 10, 2015, an employee exited a scissors lift and attached his safety lan yard to a precast concrete structural member that he was going to release from r igging.  The employee fell 40 feet to the ground when the structural member coll apsed.  The employee was killed from massive internal injuries as well as multip le broken bones.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 p.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1 and coworker were engaged in excav ation work at a commercial building construction site. Employee #1 was removing debris from a wall damaged by an excavator and the coworker was operating the ex cavator. The excavator hit a static line that Employee #1 was holding onto. Empl oyee #1's hand was caught between the static line and the wall.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitte d and treated for fractures and lacerations to his hand. The injury to his index finger was sufficiently severe and required amputation of the finger.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 30, 2018, an employee was setting bricks while working fro m a scaffold system. During work, the employee became unconscious and fell from the scaffold. He struck the concrete surface below and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 6, 2015, a crew of three was removing the remaining por tions of old wood utility poles.  An employee was using a chainsaw to cut a pole while another employee was operating the forklift to push the pole over.  The b utt end of the cut pole struck the Employee #1 in the head and chest.  The emplo yee suffered and concussion and fractured chest, and died from the injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on July 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a paving company, was w orking at a residential driveway paving project.  He was operating a plate compa ctor when a dump truck backed into him and a tire ran over his leg and pelvis. The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fract ures to the pelvis and tailbone.  He required a skin graft for the leg injury.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on December 6, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction rebar company, was working at a multiemployer construction site.  He was on a Genie Sc issorlift Model Number GS-4069DC and installing 30-foot lengths of rebar for a c oncrete wall construction.  In the process of operating the lift, his left hand became caught and crushed between the lift's handrail and a board holding the re bar.  He was admitted and treated for the partial amputation of two fingers.
caught_nonfatal	On January 11, 2010, Employee #1 was working for a plumbing contractor engaged in plumbing work. He was using a pipe cutting and threading machine manufactured by Wheeler Rex Industries, Model Number 6090, and Serial Number 998990. This machine is operated by a foot pedal. He was using this machine to combine a piece of straight 1.25-in. metal pipe with a 90 degree metal elbow. This process is performed by holding the straight piece of pipe into the chuck of the threading machine, then the 90 degree elbow is hand tighten to the end of the straight pipe. A pipe wrench is then used to hold the elbow in place and the machine is turned on to rotate the straight piece of the pipe in order to tighten the two pieces together. Employee #1 was holding the 90 degree elbow in place with an 18-in. long pipe wrench, when he activated the machine with the foot pedal. When the work pieces started turning, his left index fingertip was crushed between the handle of the pipe wrench and the frame of the machine. Employee #1's left index finger was amputated at the first digit.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:50 p.m. on January 22, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in the demolition of a building.  Employee #1 was loading steel doors into the dozer b ucket attachment of the CAT 252B skid loader operated by the coworker, so the do ors could be moved into the dumpster.  Employee signaled the operator to lift th e bucket.  Instead, the operator closed the clamp on the bucket.  Employee #1's hand was pinched between the bucket and the steel door, and the end of the middl e finger was amputated.  Employee #1 received medical treatment but was not hosp italized.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on March 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a steel fabrication com pany, was engaged in unloading steel tubes.  The tubes weighed approximately 450 pounds each and were approximately 13 feet long.  He initially was using a fork lift, but when the tubes would not slide down onto the rack, he moved onto the t ruck bed.  From the truck bed, he pulled a steel tube towards him.  Three other tubes slid down and struck him.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported  to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for partial ampu tation of two fingers on his left hand.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 11, 2018, an employee was moving inventory with a powered i ndustrial truck, Forklift GS12, Model Number 2C5000 and Serial Number AT9031293. The employee maneuvered the forklift in an unsafe manner and the forklift tippe d over. He sustained bruises on his leg and head. The employee was not hospitali zed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 26, 2019, an employee and coworker were standing on a ro of unloading plywood sheets from a forklift onto two platform jacks. At some poi nt, the platform jacks failed and caused the plywood sheet to fall. One of the s heets struck the employee on the leg and caused the employee to lose his balance and fall approximately eleven feet off the roof. The employee was hospitalized for surgery to install rods and screws to repair a hip fracture.
struck_fatal	At 8:55 p.m. on July 17, 2020,  Employee #1 and #2 were attempting to set chocks and bracing blocks.  They were attempting to chock and add bracing to stack the metal utility arm when one arm rolled on the forklift causing the other utility arm on the forklift to roll and strike both employees on opposite ends of the u tility arm.  Employee 1 received multi-system traumatic head chest  and abdomen injuries and was killed. Employee  #2 sustained pelvic and back injuries, result ing in inpatient hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on September 26, 2015, an employee was working of a l adder. The employee fell to the concrete floor and was killed from head injuries .
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 17, 2017, Employees #1 and #2 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction company, were installing a street light pole in a residential area.  Coworker #1 was operating a boom truck.  As Coworker #1 began to lift th e pole from a trailer, Employees #1 and #2 attempted to position/align the pole with its anchored base.  The extended arm of the pole touched an overhead 12-kil ovolt electrical power line, and Employees #1 and #2, who were in contact with t he pole, were shocked.  Employee #1 collapsed to the ground.  Emergency services were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital and treat ed for third degree electrical burns.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for two days , and Employee #2 was in the hospital for one day.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 14, 2020, an employee, a welder assistant, began to set -up welding equipment and slid on a plywood section, falling approximately 15 fe et to the next lower level (hull of the ship). According to the employer, the em ployee sustained multi-level compression fractures of the spine (without paralys is) as well as head-trauma without loss of consciousness, resulting in subdural hematoma.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on January 20, 2017, an employee was working from a 6 foot fibergla ss step ladder to install hurricane clips on the face of a building. As he desce nded the ladder, he lost his footing and fell approximately 4 feet to the ground .  The employee sustained a fractured ankle, which he was hospitalized and recei ved treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 17, 2018, an employee was cleaning machinery and reach ed behind the unguarded front roller and caught his right arm between it and the housing, fracturing it.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:55 p.m. on March 2, 2021, an employee worked in an excavation to splice exi sting streetlight wires. At some point, the tool used for the splice made contac t with a live 480-volt wire. The employee was killed by electrocution.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:06 a.m. on August 28, 2017, Employee #1, a truck driver, was moving his per sonal belongings from one truck to another, due to a change in truck assignments . The employee fell while either getting into or out of the truck.  Employee #1 suffered head trauma when he either hit his head on the pavement or on the truck . There were no witnesses, and the camera footage did not show the actual accide nt. He was hospitalized due to his injury.
caught_fatal	At 5:04 p.m. on June 2, 2021, an employee was struck by a large steel beam that fell over top of him. The employee was killed after being pinned between the bea m and a semi tractor trailer truck.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 a.m. on August 24, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete company, wa s engaged in concrete work at a multiemployer job site.  Employee #1 then loaded an S-22E Laser Screed onto a flatbed trailer for transport to another job site. Employee #1 fell off the flatbed trailer, a fall height of 5 feet, and struck the back of his head on the concrete pavement.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated fo r fractures to his skull.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on September 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a highway excavation project.  He was walking behind an exca vator that was moving in reverse when he was struck by the excavator, which ran over his lower leg.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital , where his crushed lower leg required surgical amputation.
struck_fatal	At 5:47 p.m. on July 27, 2020, an employee was picking up a shipment at a distri bution center. The employee was staged at the exit gate working with security at the rear of his trailer. A coworker was stopped at a stop sign to the rear of t he employee's truck and trailer.  The coworker was stopped at a stop sign approx imately 150 feet behind the employee's trailer.  The coworker did not set his pa rking brake and went into the sleeper of his truck.  Then, the coworker's truck rolled into the back of the employee's trailer and crushed the employee.  The em ployee later died at the hospital.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 12, 2018, an employee was unstrapping chains and remov ing synthetic straps from a trailer loaded with vehicle axles. As the chains and straps were removed, the load fell from the trailer, crushing and killing the e mployee.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on October 10, 2017, an employee was assisting with dumping trash in a bin with a forklift.  The employee caught his finger in a pinch point and a mputated his fingertip.  Hospitalization was not required.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a window and door company , was working at a one-story residence.  He was using a portable table saw to cu t wood strips.  The employee's left hand was holding the wood when it was pulled into the unguarded saw blade.  The left index finger was amputated.  The employ ee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the amputation.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:00 p.m. on July 19, 2016, Employee #1 was installing roof tru sses when he fell through the second floor stair hole 22 feet to the concrete ba sement.  Employee #1 struck his head and died.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 a.m. on June 15, 2017, an employee was standing at the dock plate in an empty tractor trailer slot facing into a warehouse. While using his cell phone, the employee did not see or hear a tractor trailer backing into the slot where h e was standing and was crushed between the dock plate and the  53 foot tractor t railer. The employee was killed as a result.
fall_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on April 16, 2014, Employee #1 was on a 4 foot step ladder on the 4th floor balcony installing a membrane to the exterior. He fell o ff a ladder four stories and received a broken arm.  He was hospitalized and die d during surgery.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on April 2, 2014, Employee #1 and three coworkers wer e replacing an existing single-phase conductor with a three-phase conductor on a utility pole.  Employee # 1 was working from the elevated bucket of a truck-mou nted aerial device on the east side of a utility pole. The east side of the pole consisted of live overhead line, 14,400 volts. The west side of the pole consis ted of the new dead overhead lines being installed. Employee #1 came into contac t with the live lines and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 14, 2018, Employee #1 was using a powered auger. The employ ee sustained an electrical shock and was electrocuted and killed.
caught_fatal	At 9:47pm on January 12, 2016, an employee parked his truck with a container mou nted on a trailer between two disconnected container mounted trailers.  A cowork er driving another truck with a container mounted on the trailer drove into the yard, stopped, and asked the employee where he should park. The employee directe d the coworker to park in front of the disconnected trailer to the North of the employee's truck.  As the coworker was backing his truck into place, the employe e positioned himself between his truck and the disconnected trailer North of him in order to roll down his truck trailer's landing gear.  The coworker hit the d isconnected trailer when backing up, pinning the employee between the trailers a nd crushing him.  The coworker then left to go to the lunch room, but returned w hen he noticed the employee's truck lights were on.  He found the crushed employ ee and went back to the lunch room to report it to his supervisor.  The supervis or called emergencies services who arrived and found the employee to be dead.
caught_fatal	On December 1, 2010, Employee #1 painted a four story condominium complex. The first floor of the complex was an open area designed for resident parking. Employee #1 operated a JLG model 600S, serial number 0954270300042766 aerial lift. He worked from an elevated work platform. Employee #1 had his back to the building. He attempted to position the aerial lift to begin painting the window trim, and either moved the aerial lift or boomed the mast out. As a result, Employee #1 became pinned between the building and the control station, inside the elevated working platform. Employee #1 suffered severe injuries, including contusions and abrasions. Other employees at the work site found Employee #1 pinned between the edge of the garage and the controls of the aerial lift. Employee #1 was taken by helicopter to a local hospital. On December 14, 2010, Employee #1 died in the hospital from the injuries he sustained in this accident.
caught_nonfatal	On November 17, 2008, Employee #1, a forklift operator, was not trained or certified to operate a forklift. He was attempting to place a pallet of crated empty 5-gallon bottles on the top of another pallet. He noticed that the crated bottles on the ground were not aligned. He got off the forklift and reached under the elevated forks between the bottom of the pallet and the top of the crates to align the crates. The forks dropped and caught his right index finger between the bottom of the elevated pallet and the top of a crate, amputating his fingertip. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on December 8, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was installing a platform and staircase for emergency access/egress at a com mercial building.  He was working from an extension ladder leaned against a 6-in ch wide vertical steel column, with the two rails not supported equally and no s ingle support attachment.  Employee #1 was drilling holes under the surface of t he horizontal steel platform when the drill became caught and hung up, which cau sed the drill to spin.  The spinning drill struck the employee in the head and k nocked him off the ladder.  The employee fell, a fall height of 10 feet, and str uck the concrete surface.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admi tted for treatment of blunt force traumatic head injuries.  Employee #1 died at the hospital.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 p.m. on November 19, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contracto r, was installing pipe in a 4-foot trench along a road.  A passenger vehicle bro ke through a caution tape barricade and struck Employee #1.  Employee #1 sustain ed blunt force trauma to his torso and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 7, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a const ruction company, were engaged in framing work for a new two-story multifamily re sidential building.  They were setting floor trusses in place at the top of the first floor in preparation for beginning work on the second floor.  Employee #1, who had unhooked from his fall protection system in order to reach his out-of-r each nail gun, was about to reattach his fall protection gear when he fell and s truck the concrete floor.  Emergency services transported the employee to the ho spital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured right elbow.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on September 11, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construct ion company, were on the roof of a one-story commercial building.  They were ins talling roof sheathing when the panels spread apart and both employees fell to t he concrete ground, a fall height of approximately 22 feet 6 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital a nd admitted.  Employee #1 was treated for a fractured skull, fractured right leg , fractures to both feet, bruised lung, and fractured left eye socket.  Employee #2 was treated for a fractured left arm, fractured pelvis, fractured ribs, and a laceration to the forehead.
caught_fatal	At 12:15 a.m. on May 11, 2022, an employee drove a Western Express Inc Trailer T ruck into a truck yard and attempted to back into a tight parking spot. The empl oyee spent twenty-four minutes trying to fit the trailer truck into the spot. Wh ile the employee was backing up, he suddenly opened the driver side door and exi ted the truck as it continued to move. The employee was killed when he was ultim ately crushed by the truck and a parked J.B. Hunt trailer.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a company that fabricate d and installed industrial covers, was engaged in the installation of a liner at a waste lagoon.  A nylon strap/sling became severed, and its free end with atta ched pulley struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration to his abdomen that required five stitches and bruising to his abdomen and chest .
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on September 21, 2020, an employee placed tools in the back of a wo rk truck. At some point, the employee was struck and killed by a passing motor v ehicle.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 9, 2002, Employee #1, of Contra Costa Electric, Inc., was one of several workers conducting electrical maintenance/construction at a customer's facility in San Ramon,CA. He was working on the projection screen in the Conference Room when he noticed a jumper whip (plug) partially unplugged. Employee #1 was attempting to push it back in when he received an electric shock of 277 volts, causing his arm muscles to contract. He kicked the stepladder below him and fell to the floor. He sustained injuries related to the electric shock, including burns on his right thumb.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:15 a.m. on July 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a general construction c ontractor, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a university spo rts complex.  He was moving a job box into a doorway.  Employee #1 asked an empl oyee of another company to push the job box into the door with a fork truck the other employee was operating.  As this was occurring, Employee #1 was caught bet ween the vehicle and a concrete block wall.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for m ultiple fractures.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on May 3, 2019, and employee was cutting some wood on a table saw a nd cut himself when the word was caught in the blade.  The employee was hospital ized.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on August 23, 2017, an employee was cutting a wooden slat for a doo r panel using a Dewalt DWE 7491 table saw. The employee removed the table saw gu ard and was making a fine cut when his left hand came into contact with the saw blade and lacerated all of his fingers. The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 23, 2021, an employee used a hand-held electric auger to d rill tiedowns into the ground. The auger struck an underground powerline, electr ocuted and killed the employee.
caught_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on June 3, 2015, Employee #1, a construction worker, was assembling counterweights on the rear of an outrigger of a single point susp ension scaffold system. Workers overloaded the counterweights and the outrigger beam began to fall backwards towards a concrete block wall. Employee #1 attempte d to stop the counterweights and outrigger from falling by placing his body betw een the falling counterweights and the block wall.  He attempted to push the cou nterweights, weighing 1,200 pounds, back up to their original location. Employee #1 was crushed and killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on January 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was on the roof of a two-story residential structure.  He was installing the anchor point for a personal fall protection system when he stepped back onto a patch of ice, lost his footing, and fell, a fall height of 21 feet.  Emergency s ervices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was ad mitted and treated for fractures to both wrists, both arms, his left leg, and hi s left hip.
fall_nonfatal	On November 25, 2013, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in exterior carpentry at a residence. He was working from a wooden scaffold and replacing two fascia boards on the building's second level. The scaffold did not have sufficient properly placed nails of ample size to carry the loads. The scaffold's cross member and upright became dislodged, and Employee #1 fell to the grade below, a fall height of approximately 22 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a dislocated shoulder and left rib injuries. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by the emergency responders. Cal/OSHA initiated its investigation on December 4, 2013. The investigation determined that Employee #1 was a full-time permanent employee, a laborer assigned a variety of duties by his employer.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 6, 2003, Employee #1, employed by a property management organization, was working in a vacant apartment with a renovation crew, cutting wood material to be used as baseboard molding with a compound-miter-saw (Make: DeWalt; Serial Number126342). The saw was located on a carpeted floor and Employee #1 was using his left hand to push the wood material through, while he used his right hand to lower the saw handle for cutting. For some reason, Employee #1 placed his left forearm in the path of the rotating saw blade and cut the ulnar dorsal portion of his left forearm. He was hospitalized and treated for his injury.
caught_nonfatal	On February 28, 2013, an employee was delivering cement to a residential construction site. The employee used a path that witnesses say was not the typical path for the cement trucks. Coworkers #1 and #2 stated that the typical path was for the cement trucks were to enter the site from the north and continue south. Coworkers #1 and #2 stated that they observed the cement truck tipping over and ran to help the employee. They stated that when they arrived, the employee was shaking and was unresponsive. Both Coworker #1 and #2 stated that they did not notice if the driver was wearing a seatbelt. They stated that they did not want to remove the employee from the cab because they did not want to further injure him. The Coworker #1 reached into the cab and turned off the engine by turning the ignition to the "off" position. They then waited for Emergency Services to arrive. Emergency Services pulled the employee out of the cab and gave the necessary medical aid. The employee was transported to UMC Hospital and released the same day with minor injuries which included bruised ribs. The employee was not wearing seat belt.
caught_nonfatal	On April 30, 2012, Employee #1, with Calaveras County Public Work, was delivering rock on the side of the road, when he stumbled and accidently pressed the controls to dump the rock. Employee #1's left arm got caught in the arm on the dump bucket. Employee #1 was able to reach the controls to lift the arm bucket off his left arm. Employee #1 sustained a medium "crush injury." Employee #1 was flown to the Hospital for surgery to repair the damage caused by the "crush."
caught_nonfatal	At 11:36 p.m. on March 1, 2018, an employee was cleaning a screw conveyor while it was running and caught his right hand's index finger in it.  The employee amp utated his finger.  Hospitalization was not required.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on June 11, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s working on the roof of a commercial building.  He was crimping the side/edge o f the metal roof.  The employee removed his safety rope.  He fell, a fall height of approximately 14.5 feet, and struck the concrete surface.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured wrist and jaw .
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 27, 2012, Employee #1, an electrician, attempted to deenergize a 480 volt electrical panel by removing the meter. A metal allen wrench tool fell from the top of the cabinet, striking internal components, resulting in an arc flash which caused second degree burns to Employee #1's hands. Employee #1 was not hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:10 p.m. on March 29, 2004, Employee #1, a carpenter, was working on a roof under construction. The height of the roof was approximately 36-ft. As Employee #1 occupied a 6-ft by 10-ft segment of the roof, it collapsed underneath him. He fell along with a gasoline portable generator, tools, and lumber. The collapsed roof segment was connected to the steel joists of the wood nailers via four TF-46 hangers and two TF-34 hangers. Two TF-46 (A & B) and one TF-34 (C) were attached to each side of the wooden panel that was assembled on the ground. The remaining hangers were to be nailed on the roof: one TF-46 (D), one TF-46 (E), and one TF- 34 (F). A 4-ft by 8-ft skylight opening was bordered by four 4-in. by 6-ft subpurlins. TF hangers D, E, and F came down with the collapsed roof segment, while TF hanger A and B remained nailed to the roof. TF hanger C also came down, however nailed to a ripped piece of its wood nailer. Initially, employer secures the hangers on the roof using 16D 2.125-in. by 0.148-in. screw shank nails, one nail per sheet for every 4 ft. Accordingly, if the TF-34 is nailed, the two TF-46 will not be nailed, and if the two TF-46 are nailed, the TF-34 will not be nailed. There was no evidence that hangers D, E, and F were nailed. The hangers are nailed off completely by the nailing crew when the entire deck nailing takes place, normally after 30,000 square feet of the roof has been completed. According to the hangers' manufacturer, 2-10D nails are required to secure the hangers to obtain the listed maximum allowable load of 825-lb. The manufacturer does not have any maximum allowable load data when one nail or no nails used with these hangers. The live load exerted on this roof segment was approximately 560-lb, and the dead load was approximately 240-lb, which was a total of weight 800-lb near the maximum load. Employee #1 was transported via helicopter to a medical center for treatment and hospitalized for postoperative care lasting three weeks.
struck_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on January 21, 2016, an employee was driving a log truck when an on coming truck crossed the center lane and caused an accident.  The employee suffe red a fatal head injury.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 22, 2020, Employee #1 was working on a construction pro ject for an existing water/sewage treatment plant.  As he moved a diamond plate cover, he lost his balance and fell into the sewage pit, a fall height of 15 fee t.  Employee #1 drowned.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:27 a.m. on June 22, 2010, Employee #1, a driver, was assigned to pick up a rental truck. The rental manager was inspecting and demonstrating the truck lift gate with Employee #1. The rental manager was on the left side of the lift gate, and Employee #1 was on the right side. While the lift gate was flat on the ground, Employee #1 placed his right index finger in the bracket, instead of pulling the latch, in order to press the pin which would result in the lift gate unfolding. At the same time, the rental manager pulled the lift gate up, which sheared Employee #1's finger between the bracket and the platform. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital for an amputated finger.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on October 26, 2016, three workers were working to hang Densi Glas s, a sheetrock type of material. Employees #1 and #2 were working from a scaffol d that was approximately eight feet high, and Employee #3 was handing them mater ial from below.  During work, the scaffold tipped over, landing on Employee #3 a nd causing Employee #1 and Employee #2 to fall. All three employees were hospita lized for non-life threatening injuries that consisted of a bruised knee, a conc ussion, and a fractured rib.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:35 a.m. on June 17, 2019, an employee was assisting welders with modificati ons being made to concrete batch plant. The employee was standing half way up on an eight foot step ladder when he reached out to hand something to the welders and fell from the ladder approximately five feet to the ground. When the employe e hit the ground he hit his head on concrete surface he fell onto. The employee was hospitalized to treat the head trauma.
struck_fatal	At approximately 5:45 p.m. on July 22, 2014, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were co llecting roads signs on a highway construction site.  Employee #1 parked a shado w truck behind the sign collecting truck, to alert traffic of the sign collectin g activities, while they collected the signs. A third vehicle traveling in the s ame lane ran into the back of the shadow truck, pushing it into the ditch. The t hird vehicle then struck Employee #1, who had exited the sign collection truck, killing him.  Employee #2 was in the back of the sign collecting truck and was i njured.
electrocution_fatal	On November 14, 2003, Employee #1, was on an aluminum extension ladder spraypainting a building when he apparently contacted a 7,200 volt overhead power line that was 22 ft 4 in. above the ground. He was electrocuted. The ladder had been placed 32 in. away from the energized power line, which was unguarded.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on January 13, 2022, an employee was installing sheeting on top of a roof and sidewall of a building. An excavator working below the aerial lift st ruck the aerial lift boom with the excavator stick. This strike caused the boom of the aerial lift to bounce up and down and side to side. The boom movement eje cted the aerial lift operator out of the basket. The aerial lift operator landed on the roof of the building, and then he slid down into a roof gutter. He was h ospitalized to treat broken ribs and a ruptured spleen.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:15 p.m. on July 21, 2017, an employee was working for a manufacturer of pla stic pipes and pipe fittings. He had just arrived at a field to deliver irrigati on pipes. The pipes were made of polyvinyl chloride (PVC), and they were 305 mil limeters (12 inches) in diameter and 6.1 meters (20 feet) long. He repositioned his truck, trailers, and load, so that the pipes could be offloaded with the use of a forklift. After he repositioned his truck, he noticed that the top pipes, which were not secured by straps as they were being offloaded, had shifted. He a ttempted to use a wrench bar to reposition the displaced pipes. As he did, the p ipes fell off the truck. The employee, who was positioned between the stacks of pipe and back edge of the trailer, jumped or fell off the trailer. He was 1.2 me ters (4 feet) up. He broke his left tibia when he landed. He was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on July 26, 2018, an employee and his coworker were rolling a cart that contained a roll of roofing material down a 3:12 sloped roof with a 30 inch parapet. During movement of the material, the coworker slipped and the cart sta rted to roll free down the roof. The employee reached to stop the cart and fell over the edge of the roof. The employee struck a concrete sidewalk that was 70 f eet below the roof and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on October 4, 2017, Employee #1 was unhooking the rigging chain. T he employee raised the hammer before the chain was loose, and his finger became pinched between the hook and the lifting plate. Employee #1's fingertip was ampu tated. The employee was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 28, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was w orking at the site of a new residential structure.  He was painting a wooden fen ce located on a 12-foot retaining wall.  As the employee leaned on the inside of the fence, the fence detached from the fence posts and fell down the retaining wall along with the employee, a fall height of 12 feet.  The employee was transp orted to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractures to his pelvis, arm, and multiple ribs.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:37 a.m. on December 12, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a con struction company, were removing a telephone pole at a job site.  They were load ing cut sections of the pole into the front bucket of a loader/backhoe.  Employe e #1's left middle finger became caught between a section of pole and the edge o f the loader bucket.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, an d treated for a lacerated and fractured finger.
electrocution_fatal	On October 9, 2007, Employee #1, an electrician's helper, was troubleshooting an energized circuit when he contacted an energized, uninsulated wire with his bare hand while he was grounded. A coworker found him after an undetermined length of time, and broke the contact with the energized wire. Coworkers administered first aid and restored Employee #1's breathing. He was transported to the hospital, where he remained until his death on Novemebr 12, 2007.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on September 26, 2014, an employee and a coworker wer e erecting a 27 foot aluminum platform lift hoist in close proximity to an overh ead 130 kv power line 25 feet above ground level.  While erecting the lift hoist , it contacted the overhead power line electrocuting the employee.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 3, 2006, Employees #1 through #4 were working in an aerial lift when it struck an overhead power line. All four employees received electric shocks and sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 9, 2020, an employee was working on a roof removing old ro ofing material. At some point, the employee fell thirty-nine feet through the ro of. The employee was killed by unspecified injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was working at a two-story residential structure as part of a multiemployer constru ction project.  He was preparing an elevator door for painting when he fell thro ugh the elevator opening.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where h e was admitted and treated for a fractured ankle.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a two-story commercial building, a multiemployer construction p roject.  He was installing steel trusses when he fell, a fall height of approxim ately 20 feet.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, wher e he was admitted and treated for a fractured hip and multiple fractures in his arm.
electrocution_fatal	On May 5, 2008, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were performing siding operations from a pump jack scaffold located more than twenty five feet above the ground. The two employees were raising up the scaffold when it made contact with a 4000 volt power line. The power line energized the scaffold and the current ran through both employees. The electric current exited the scaffold through a triangle brace into the building. Both Employee #1 and Employee #2 were electrocuted. No citations were issued due to the fact that Employee #1, an officer of the company, was one of the employees electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on January 16, 2012, Employee #1 was setting up a production line using the Number 2208 Cutter. After the Number 2208 Cutter was plugged into its energy source, Employee #1 noticed that a low voltage plug on the back of the cu tter was missing. Employee #1 opened the top cover of the enclosure and saw the low voltage plug hanging inside. Employee #1 reached in and reposition the plug. Employee #1 came in contact with a live contact on a transformer and received a 480 volts electric shock into his right hand and the shock exited his forearm. Employee #1 was hospitalized for  electrical burns on his right hand underneath his thumb and to his right forearm.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 10, 2021, an employee was installing solar panels on a roof without fall protection. The employee fell from the roof to the concrete d riveway below incurring a concussion and requiring hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 10, 2021, an employee worked on a roof removing trusses. At some point, the purlin the employee stood on broke, and the employee fell ap proximately sixteen feet. The employee was killed by blunt force head trauma.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 4, 2021, an employee prepped a roof for an insulation l ayer, then at some point fell twenty-eight feet through a skylight, and was kill ed.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on December 6, 2021, an employee was repairing a hydraulic cylinde r ram on a cardboard compactor when he caught his left hand in the ram. The empl oyee pinched his middle finger between the ram and the pushing plate. The employ ee was hospitalized to treat an amputation to his fingertip.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on June 29, 2016, an employee was caulking while positioned on a b aker scaffold.  The employee fell from the scaffold approximately 5 to 6 feet to the concrete floor, suffered a head injury and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 28, 2017, Employee #1, a foreman employed by a construction company, was engaged in demolition work at a three-story commercial building. He was standing on a 5-foot mobile scaffold and operating a reciprocating saw to cut horizontal duct work.  As he cut through the duct work, which was not secur ed, the duct work swung and struck Employee #1's head and face and the scaffold. Employee #1 fell to the concrete floor, a fall height of 5 feet, and sustained additional head trauma.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He died at the hospital on July 16, 2017.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on September 27, 2013, an employee was standing on a roof leaning down and reaching for another piece of a lumber joist.  The employee lost his ba lance and fell approximately 23 feet to the concrete surface, receiving fatal bl unt force injuries to head and torso.
fall_fatal	On March 3, 2022, an employee was working as a truck driver for a firm that trea ted and disposed of nonhazardous waste. He drove heavy trucks and tractor-traile rs. As he was driving, his truck was struck by or ran into some overhead fiber o ptic cable. The driver's door of the truck was pinned shut by the cables. The em ployee climbed out of the truck's cab through the window and onto the cab. While attempting to dislodge the cable, he fell 9 feet (2.7 meters) to the ground. He suffered a severe head injury. He died.
fall_fatal	On November 6, 2014, an employee and a coworker were engaged in low-slope thermo plastic polyolefin (TPO) roofing work, part of a roof renovation project that ha d been ongoing for several weeks.  Around 12:40 p.m., after returning from a sho rt lunch, the employee was climbing a Werner 32-ft aluminum extension ladder to access the upper working surface, roof top, approximately 22-feet above the lowe r concrete and earth surface.  During the ladder to roof transfer, the employee fell approximately 22-feet, striking head on a 6-ft by 6-ft concrete slab locate d near the base of the extension ladder.  Emergency responders arrived at 12:47 p.m., finding the employee face down on the concrete to the right of the extensi on ladder, suffering from severe head trauma.  Following extensive onsite medica l treatment, the employee was flown to a regional hospital, where he was pronoun ced dead at 2:47 p.m. by hospital officials.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on July 28, 2015, an employee was instructed by his supervisor to m eet him at a second work location and collected his tools from the worksite.  Th e employee stepped through the scaffold's handrails and stood up, hitting their head on the overhead structure.  The employee lost his balance and fell 45 feet to the walkway, and was killed from unspecified multiple blunt force injuries to their torso.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on July 18, 2019, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by a cons truction company, were working in a wooded park.  Employee #1 was driving a Yama ha Rhino 660 off-road utility vehicle on a dirt trail, and the three employees w ere clearing trees that had fallen on the trail.  As Employee #1 drove up an inc line, a tree limb protruding onto the trail pierced the front of the vehicle's f irewall and struck Employee #1 in the stomach.  Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital and admitted for treatment of internal hemorrhaging and multiple inj uries.  He died July 19, 2019.
electrocution_fatal	On September 2, 2010, Employee#1, a construction laborer, and a coworker were installing a new water heater. It was determined that a new hot water line needed to be installed. Employee #1 went under the house while the coworker waited by the water heater. The coworker waited a while, but noted no activity behind the wall. The coworker walked over to the entrance of the crawl space and found Employee #1 lying face down on the ground. He called for help and pulled Employee #1 out. Paramedics responded and called the coroner's office. It appeared that Employee #1 had been electrocuted and was pronounced dead on the site.
struck_fatal	On March 15, 2014, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a contractor that specialized in the design and construction of retaining wall systems, were engaged in a masonry project at a commercial building. They were constructing a modular block retaining wall. Coworker #1 was operating a CAT 262B Skid Steer Bucket Loader, and Employee #1 was shoveling gravel from the bucket and positioning the modular blocks. Coworker #1 backed the loader up an incline with the loader's arms in a raised position. The loader tipped forward and struck Employee #1 in the head. Employee #1 collapsed and was killed. His hard hat remained pinned between the loader's bucket and a modular block. This fatality was investigated by North Carolina OSHA.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on October 3, 2018, an employee was installing wooden beams to an e xisting frame of a warehouse. While using a power drill (Dewalt) to screw in a h ex screw, the employee's glove became entangled and his left pinky finger was am putated.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a three-story residential building site.  He was dismantling a scaffold when he slipped and fell.  Emergency services were called, and Employ ee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a f ractured right wrist and a laceration to the bridge of his nose.
caught_nonfatal	On March 14, 2011, Employee #1, a laborer on a gas line project, with Rockford Corp., was struck and crushed between two sections of pipe. He was caught between a cribbed section of pipe and a suspended pipe that was in motion from a side boom. He sustained broken ribs and upper chest injury from the impact and was flown to the hospital.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 a.m. on July 14, 2019, an employee using a cutting torch to remove a bol t on the back hatch of tanker truck.   The employee was struck in the chest by t he hatch when the tank exploded and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On May 24, 2005, Employee #1 climbed a wooden utility pole in preparation for installing three new overhead power lines. As he and his coworkers were getting ready to lay a new line in a different direction. Employee #1 climbed the lower take-off arm. He was standing on it when he slipped and grabbed the existing, energized 14,400-volt line that was attached to the top cross-arm. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 26, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electric utility comp any, was engaged in electrical power line work.  He was pulling an electrical ca ble that was energized.  Employee #1 sustained an electrical shock and burns to his legs.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electrical burns.
struck_fatal	Some time between 7:00 and 9:30 a.m. on November 22, 2016, Employee #1 jump star ted a Beartrac LMC 3700C snow grooming machine with the apparent intention of dr iving it to the maintenance garage at the other end of an open gravel lot. It wa s reported by coworker that Employee #1 had expressed their intention to change one of the tires on the machine and work on the machines track the day prior to the incident.  While travelling across the open gravel lot Employee #1 either fe ll from the cab of the machine, or purposefully attempted to exit the cab of the machine after which Employee #1 was run over by the track of the machine. After running over Employee #1 the machine continued to travel between 20 to 30 feet until it eventually struck another snow grooming machine and came to a stop, but continued to run.  A coworker found Employee #1 in the open gravel lot at appro ximately 9:30 a.m., The coworker immediately contacted emergency services who up on their arrival determined that Employee #1 was deceased.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any in the power transmission field, was tracing an electrical line.  He opened a hand hole and received an electric shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for e lectric shock injuries to his torso.
electrocution_fatal	On June 13, 2011, Employee #1 was working inside a large air handling unit and was electrocuted when he made contact with the energized duct heater coils. No additional details were provided in the original narrative.
fall_fatal	At 11:59 a.m. on December 10, 2018, an employee fell through a hole in the 3rd f loor onto the floor surface of the 2nd floor and was killed due to multiple blun t force trauma.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on February 28, 2007, Employee #1 was working as a mechanic on the LAC+USC Medical Center (Los Angeles County and University of Southern California Medical Center) replacement project. He was employed by the plumbing, heating, and air conditioning contractor Med Center Mechanical, a joint venture of four construction subcontractors. The accident occurred in the central plant generator room. While descending a 24-foot metal extension ladder from the mezzanine area to the bottom floor, Employee #1 missed a rung and fell approximately 8 feet to the concrete floor below. He sustained a fracture of his left ankle, and he was transported to LAC+USC Medical Center Hospital and admitted the same day for surgery. He was discharged on March 6, 2007. The causal factor of the accident was that Employee #1 missed a rung while descending the ladder. As a result of the investigation, the Division determined that no violative condition occurred as a result of the accident. No accident-related citation was issued. Photographs taken at the time show that the rung was bent.
caught_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 2, 2021, an employee was troubleshooting an electrical panel when a truck crane malfunctioned. The employee removed a vital hydraulic c omponent causing release of hydraulic pressure, which caused the crane boom to l ower. When the boom lowered, it caught the employee between it and a stabilizati on block, crushing him under weight of the boom and killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 10, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a cons truction company, were working at the site of a road excavation.  Employee #1 wa s removing dirt from the curb area, and the coworker was operating an excavator. The excavator bucket struck Employee #1.  Emergency services transported the e mployee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple fracture s to his left leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:15 p.m. on June 27, 2019, an employee was walking across the yard and was c rossing the plant road when a forklift operator made a complete stop at the stop sign. The employee saw the forklift stop and was about 11 feet into the path wh en he stopped walking mid-path. The forklift was carrying a load of hot steel bi llets that were 248 inches in length and approximately 1500 degrees. The employe e was struck by the side of the load above the knee causing him to fall onto the hot billets and roll off to the side. The employee suffered second degree burns to his back, arm, hand and buttocks and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on August 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a commercial building.  Employee #1 climbed a ladder to assist an exterminator lower his equipment to the ground.  The equipment was covered wi th bees, and as it reached Employee #1 the bees swarmed around Employee #1.  Emp loyee #1 fell off the ladder.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured hip and be e stings.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on December 7, 2021, an employee worked to fix wiring on a light po le using an Elliot L60R Hi-Reach. As the employee cleaned up, the basket was mov ed down to the stowed forward position so the employee could exit the man basket . As the employee stepped out, the employee tripped on a bar, lost their footing , and fell approximately eight feet. The employee received a skull fracture with traumatic brain injury and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on March 29, 2022, Employee #1, an independent contractor, was rep ositioning blocks of wood as a bulldozer blade was being loaded by a wheel loade r with forks attached. An employee of Wisehart Investments, Inc. drove  a truck and trailer loaded with a 5,500 pound dozer blade to a company in Pittsfield, Il linois to meet Employee #1, who was contracted with Wisehart Investments, Inc. t o transfer the dozer blade from one trailer to the other.  The owner of the comp any located in Pittsfield, Illinois, operating a John Deere 544 Loader with fork attachments, was in the process of lowering the dozer blade from the employee's trailer to Employee #1's trailer, when the blade slid off the forks of the load er and crushed Employee #1.  According to the Sheriff-Coroner, David Greenwood o f the Pike County Coroner's Office, the cause of death was multiple blunt and co mpressional injuries as he was struck by a bulldozer blade. Employee #1 was crus hed to death by the blade.
electrocution_fatal	On June 20, 2002, Employee #1 was driving a drill rig with an attached 28 ft boom along the berm of I-90 eastbound near the mile 16 mile marker. As it passed underneath some power lines, the boom struck one or more of the lines, causing a bright flash. When Employee #1 stepped of the rig to investigate, he was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on May 22, 2017, two employees were setting up a 40 foot extension aluminum ladder. As the employees leaned the ladder onto a 13,800 volt power lin e, one employee was electrocuted, while the other sustained an electric shock, w hich he was hospitalized and received treatment for burns to his feet and legs.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 10, 2017, an employee was on site delivering groceries. He had finished unloading the truck and was getting ready to leave. He stated th at he had already put the electric pallet jack back into the trailer and was sta nding on the lift gate to lower it when he somehow slipped off. He stated that h e did not know what part of the lift gate he was standing on when he fell. The e mployee was hospitalized and later died due to pulmonary embolism due to deep ve nus thrombosis, immobility and blunt force impact injury of the torso.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 p.m. on August 7, 2019, Employee #1 was attempting to preform a load ba nk test to the building's automatic transfer switch panel connected to the back- up generator, by connecting the load bank test wires. An arc flash incident occu rred, resulting in third degree burns to Employee #1 and Employee #2.  The arc f lash occurred as a result of not ensuring effective lockout/tagout completed pri or to performing the load bank test on the generator.  Neither employee had donn ed the appropriate arc flash PPE. Employee #1 sustained third degree burns to hi s hands, neck, face, ears, and upper arms requiring extended hospital treatment in the burn unit.  Employee #2 sustained third degree burns to his hands, arms a nd forearms, and parts of the neck and face, as well as multiple strokes from th e arc flash incident.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on February 20, 2015, an employee was grinding on a "U" shaped pipe at top of a saltwater receiving tank.  An explosion and fire occurred at the ta nk which blew off the tank lid.  The employee fell 16 feet into the tank which h eld saltwater from the oil and gas drilling operations and drowned.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on November 19, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a residentia l construction company, were installing wood sheathing to the exterior of a sing le family residence that was being renovated.  Rather than wait for the scaffold ing their employer had ordered from a different company, they built a scaffold o n site with a work platform approximately 11 feet above the dirt surface.  This scaffold lacked guardrails.  The employees were working from this scaffold and h olding the top and bottom of a 4 foot by 8 foot piece of plywood when the scaffo ld broke.  Both employees fell.  Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, wher e he received 10 to 12 stitches to close a laceration on his left pinky finger. He was released without hospitalization.  Employee #2 was transported to a diff erent hospital for observation and then release without hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	On July 2, 2004, Employee #1 was removing shingles from the front of a home when he apparently contacted an incoming overhead power line and received repeated shocks. A coworker, who was also the company owner, saw the accident and broke the power line by striking it with a 2 ft by 4 ft board. When the current stopped, Employee #1 to fell approximately 15 ft, landing on his head. He died as a result of his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 18, 2017, an employee was assisting with the installati on of an 8 inch iron pipe, measuring eleven feet long, into a deep trench.  As t he employee stood outside the trench, which measured 45 feet deep, coworkers use d a boom truck crane to lower the iron pipe into the trench.  While lowering the pipe, it caught a hold of the employees left hand, pinching his ring finger be tween the running rope and a two-part block sheave, resulting in amputation of t he fingertip.
fall_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on September 25, 2015, an employee climbed a communi cation tower and was in position waiting for an antenna to be hoisted up for ins tallation. The employee fell approximately 100 feet to the ground. The employee suffered from blunt force trauma and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 8, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construc tion company, were removing steel roof panels from the flat roof of a three-stor y manufacturing building in preparation for installing a new roof.  The roof pan els measured approximately 1.5 feet wide by 25 feet long.  The removal process e ntailed walking on an aluminum scaffold pick rather than the unsuitable work sur face of the roof panels.  The two employees were required to use a fall protecti on system of self-retracting lifelines attached to metal roof swivel anchors, Pa rt Number 390RSA-01, with shock-absorbing lanyards and harnesses, which were pro vided by the employer.  However, when the employees returned to the roof after a lunch break, they did not attach their harnesses to the lifelines.  As they lif ted a roof panel, one employee at each end of the panel, a gust of wind blew the steel panel onto the employees' legs.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell fr om the scaffold pick, a total fall height of 35 feet.  Employee #1 sustained mul tiple fractures and blunt force trauma and was killed by the fall.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on July 19, 2016, Employee #1 and a coworker were un loading flint rock bags from a flatbed trailer connected to a 2009 3500 1-ton Ch evy truck using a skid steer. After the flint rock bags were unloaded, the cowor kers went down to the bridge that they were instructed to overlay. The coworkers heard a loud sound from the area the truck was parked approximately 40 yards aw ay. The work truck and flatbed trailer had rolled forward approximately 25 yards and came to rest in a drainage ditch against a tree. The coworkers found Employ ee #1 lying on the ground where the truck was originally parked. Employee #1 was struck and ran over by the truck and trailer and killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 23, 2017, an employee was standing beneath a beam of a b uilding when it came loose and struck him. The employee was crushed and killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 a.m. on June 6, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were loading sections o f pipe into a shallow 2.5-foot-wide trench.  The coworker was operating an excav ator to move the pipe.  Employee #1 was slouched over in the trench when he was struck by a suspended concrete pipe, 12-inch diameter by 8-foot long and weighin g approximately 1,000 pounds, that was being moved into position.  Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of abdominal and facia l injuries.
struck_nonfatal	On September 22, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction c ompany, were working inside a shaft of a commercial building that was being cons tructed.  Due to an apparent equipment failure, a raised platform that they were keeping level, dropped down the shaft.  This caused walk boards of a catwalk in side the shaft to loosen and fall.  The boards struck Employee #1.  Employee #1 sustained severe bruising to his right arm, shoulder, ribs, and hip.  He was not hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on August 22, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contract or, was performing electrical work at a multiemployer building construction proj ect.  He was installing a new breaker switch in an existing electrical panel.  A s he connected a ground wire, an adjoining switch gear fuse failed, causing an a rc flash/explosion.  Employee #1 was burned.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for first and second degree burns to his face, ears, neck, arms, wrists, and hands.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:30 p.m. on May 13th, 2005, crews were finishing repairs for a relatively minor storm damage. Employee #1, a lineman, responded to an outage call and arrived at a three-phase breaker (oil circuit recloser (OCR) location). The assisting apprentice arrived in a separate vehicle shortly thereafter. Upon arrival, Employee #1 told the apprentice that the center phase was open. The apprentice remained at the OCR location while Employee #1 patrolled the line. At approximately one-half mile east of the breaker pole, Employee #1 found a downed field phase. Employee #1 called the apprentice by radio. He told the apprentice that he had arrived at the downed phase and instructed him to open (deenergize) the two outer phases. After the apprentice opened the two outer phases, he drove to the downed line location to begin assisting Employee #1 with ground man duties. Employee #1 maneuvered the bucket between the neutral and road/center phases, as the apprentice assembled materials to be hoisted to Employee #1. As the apprentice was looking down at his hoisting materials, Employee #1 made bodily contact with the energized center phase. The Apprentice looked up, as Employee #1 made contact. He saw a flash, and Employee #1 fall back into the bottom of the bucket. The apprentice immediately called emergency medical services (EMS) and contacted another crew in the area to request help. He then put on his rubber gloves. After considering the possibility that the bucket truck was energized, the apprentice boarded the bucket truck in the approved manner. He then began lowering the boom out of the primary area. Two journeyman linemen, who had been working on nearby storm damage, arrived in time to witness the apprentice jumping aboard the bucket truck. The three employees rushed to retrieve Employee #1 from the bucket and immediately began CPR, which was continued until EMS personnel arrival. Employee #1 was transported to St. Clare Hospital in Crawfordsville, IN, where he was pronounced dead at 12:20 a.m.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 30, 2011, Employee #1, an electrician with Ca Transportation-Maintenance, was part of a two-person crew assigned to replace wiring between ground boxes that had earlier been stolen from those boxes. Her coworker, an electrician from a different shop, had inspected the site, which ran along South Interstate 5 (I-5) to the West I-80 ramp ("light boxes"). The coworker determined that wiring associated with street lighting had been removed from an area between two small ground boxes and needed to be replaced. After getting supplies, the two electricians pulled new wire and began working in their respective ground boxes (one box per employee). Apparently, disconnect switches for the wiring were located in a service box several hundred feet away from their location. Neither electrician visited the site or disconnected power prior to beginning their work. After pulling the wire, Employee #1 opted to begin splicing the wire coming from another ground box to the new wire in her ground box. Employee #1 was unaware that the 480-volt wire she was handling was "hot", and as she was getting ready to crimp the two wires, she removed her protective gloves. At that time, she received a shock that caused her to roll down the hillside. Employee #1 sustained burns to both hands and assorted injuries related to her rolling down the hillside. Eventually, Employee #1's supervisor arrived and transported her to the UC Davis Medical Center Burn Unit. She was hospitalized and discharged the following day, just short of 24 hours.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:14 a.m. on June 30, 2011, Employee #1 was cutting 6-in. out of a 2 ft long piece of wood. He was using a DeWalt DW 708 sliding compound miter saw. His left hand was holding the wood 14 to 18 inches from the blade. The wood was pulled toward blade. The wood hit the back of his left hand and his fourth and fifth fingers of his left hand came into contact with the moving saw blade. Employee #1 was hospitalized with amputations to the first knuckle on his fourth and fifth fingers of his left hand.
electrocution_fatal	On July 6, 2009, Employee # 1 was relocating overhead lights, when he made contact with an energized wire. He received an electrical shock. Employee # 1 was transported to Moses Cone Memorial Hospital, where he later was pronounced dead.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:40 p.m. on June 19, 2013, Employee #1, with Staples Contract and Commercial, Inc., was unloading pallets from a semi-trailer, using a stand-up counterbalanced truck dock stocker (Number: 34; Make: Crown; Model Number: RC5525-30TT190; Serial Number: 1A333347). Employee #1 was working in the southwest corner of the warehouse adjacent to shipping doors 33 and 34. Once the pallets were unloaded, Employee#1 attempted to perform a two-point turn with the dock stocker. Employee #1 reversed the dock stocker, with the forks trailing. Then, Employee #1 used plugging to bring the dock stopper to a stop, before changing direction. Employee #1's left leg was extended outside the body of the dock stocker. Employee #1's left foot was crushed between the dock stocker and a safety angle iron (four ins. high), bolted to the warehouse floor. No accident related violation was cited, due to insufficient evidence of a violation-type condition resulting in a serious injury. Employee #1 was hospitalized with a fractured foot.
fall_fatal	At 8:10 a.m. on December 9, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s on the roof of a three-story multifamily residential structure and retrieving a cell phone during a rehabilitation project.  The roof was icy.  Employee #1 lo st traction on the icy surface and fell, a fall height of 28 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On August 17, 2006, Employee #1, of Joel Construction, Inc., was carrying an aluminum extension ladder when it contacted an overhead 13,000-volt power line. He was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on November 17, 2017, an employee was welding a 16 inch pipe flange on to a reducing steel pipe elbow.  The employee had made a first pass weld on the flange and repositioned himself to make a second pass weld. The elbow was on three pipe stands and fell as the employee moved, crushing his leg.  The employ ee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on July 19, 2019, an employee signaled the crane operator to lift a nacelle panel to move it out of the way. As the crane operator swung the nacel le panel, it struck the employee, who was then caught between the nacelle and a stanchion. The employee was hospitalized to treat rib fractures.
electrocution_fatal	A senior substation repairman contacted the energized side of a disconnect switch while he was touching its supporting structure. He was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On July 1, 2010, Employee #1 was raising a neutral power line with a wet wooden push broom into and/or near the energized power lines above. The employee sustained a severe electrical shock and was transported to the local hospital. He was later transferred to a larger hospital in Lubbock, Texas for treatment. Employee #1 died from from the injuries of the electrical shock on August 7, 2010.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was repairing a seawall that had been damaged a few months earlier by a hurricane. He was using a tool connected to a power source through two extension cord sets. One of the cords had exposed wiring. As he was working, he contacted the exposed wiring and was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 4:20 p.m. on March 9, 2017, an employee was installing SITEDRAIN Strip 6000 S eries on the interior side of a trench.  The SITEDRAI Strip 6000 Series became f olded and employees were unable to pour gravel onto it.  The employee entered th e trench, approximately 40 feet from strip needing to be corrected, from the bac kfilled side and ran to go adjust the strip.  The employee adjusted the strip to its desired position when the trench caved in, covering his entire body underne ath.  The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 20, 2019, an employee was working at a horse race track. He was using a wrench to loosen bolts on a tractor attachment, a harrow float. The harrow float was a large rake-like apparatus that was attached to a tractor. He was loosening a nut to adjust the height of the harrow float. As he was appl ying force, his hand slipped. He struck his hand against the frame of the machin e. He suffered a laceration to and a fracture in his left thumb. He was hospital ized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:05 a.m. on November 14, 2008, Employee #1, a rigger for Bigge Crane and Rigging Company, was rigging pallets of brick pavers with a pallet hook at a multi-unit residential apartment construction jobsite. A forklift operator, working for Golden State Landscapers, was operating a Mitsubisihi forklift, Model Number FG25N, and was staging the pallets of pavers for Employee #1 from a location on a traffic-controlled roadway. The roadway was measured at approximately a 5 percent grade. The forklift operator parked the forklift, with the motor running, approximately 30 feet away from Employee #1 and fully engaged the parking brake. He then lowered the forks onto the roadway and walked down to assist Employee #1 with the task of rigging the pallet hook. After the pallet hook had been properly positioned, the forklift operator noticed that the forklift was traveling down the hill toward them. He yelled and jumped out of the way but Employee #1 did not have time to react. Employee #1 was struck by the forklift and crushed against the pallet of brick pavers. His left leg and foot were crushed, and he was transported to Peninsula Hospital where he was hospitalized with his injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on September 6, 2016, Employee #1, a carpenter, was w orking on framing a house under construction near a skylight.  Employee #1 was n ot wearing fall protection equipment when he fell through the skylight.  Employe e #1 suffered blunt force injuries and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on March 19, 2019, an employee operated a telehandler with a man-b asket, which contained two coworkers. The coworkers were correcting an improperl y installed brace to one of the trusses. At some point, the employee left the te lehandler to retrieve a level for the coworkers when the trusses collapsed and f ell on top of the employee. The employee was hospitalized to treat two rib fract ures, puncture to large intestine (cecum), and an unspecified knee injury.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:15 p.m. on January 21, 2105, an employee was carrying a piece of aluminum flashing up a ladder.  The victim lost control of the flashing in the windy cond itions.  The flashing contacted the adjacent energized power line.  The victim w as electrically shocked which caused him to fall approximately 18 feet from the ladder.  Employee succumbed to injuries and died.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on May 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in a roof installation at a multiemployer construction project, a ne w two-story house.  He was walking on the first story roof when a piece of roof sheeting he had just installed broke.  Employee #1 fell to the concrete surface, a fall height of approximately 10.75 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for m ultiple injuries, including fractures to three ribs, two spinal discs, and his c hest, plus a foot injury and a dislocated femur (thighbone).
struck_fatal	At 4:06 p.m. on December 4, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a framing constructio n contractor, was working at the construction site for a new three-story residen tial structure.  He was attempting to lift a framed exterior wall into place.  T he wall was too heavy, and it fell onto the employee.  Employee #1 sustained blu nt force traumatic crushing injuries and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 2, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a paint ing contractor, were preparing to paint the exterior of a residence.  On the sec ond story roof area, Employee #1 was power washing the house exterior.  He then began climbing down a 16-foot extension ladder.  The ladder, which was not secur ed to the house or the ceramic tiles at its base, slipped, and Employee #1 fell to the concrete driveway.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admit ted for treatment of multiple contusions to his head, arms, legs, and a pulmonar y contusion.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 19, 2018, an employee was painting a pedestrian bridge from a scissor lift when a truck drove through the traffic control markers and s truck the lift.  The employee was ejected from the scissor lift and struck the g round with his head, killing him.
caught_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on March 23, 2022, an employee was attempting to elevate a trailer to hook to a truck. The employee was caught between the trailer (Drake Trailer) and the truck tires (Make - 2020 Western Star; Model - Conventional 4). The empl oyee's chest was crushed, and he was killed.
fall_fatal	At 2:48 p.m. on April 1, 2016, two employee were both taping sheet rock and stan ding on temporary platforms. Employee #1 was working at the second floor level i nside the elevator shaft and Employee #2 working at the forth floor level inside the elevator shaft. Employee #2's platform collapsed and fell onto Employee #1 and both employee along with 26 pieces of 5/8 inch sheet rock fell to the baseme nt. Both employee were struck and killed by the falling sheet.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:05 p.m. on March 19, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contract or, was installing a current transformer.  The current transformer wires made co ntact with live electrical parts that had not been locked out/tagged out.  An el ectric arc flash occurred, and the employee sustained arc flash burns to the fac e, forearms, and hands.  The employee required hospitalization and treatment of his burns.
struck_fatal	At 11:40 a.m. on March 17, 2015, an employee was assisting in a fabrication oper ation.  A metal parts bin tipped on its side and the top portion of the metal pa rts bin opened, striking he employee in the lower back. The employee was killed from blunt trauma to the back.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on November 27, 2018, an employee was installing flashing and walke d off of the scissor lift, fracturing both heels of his feet when he struck the concrete floor.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:10 a.m. on April 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in exterior carpentry at a two-story residential building project. He was using a measuring tape to measure wood sheeting.  Employee #1 fell, a fa ll height of 10.5 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for injury to his neck and back.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 15, 2018, Employee #1, a contract  employee for a const ruction company, was prepping a two-story commercial office building for exterio r painting.  He was working from an aluminum 28-foot Werner extension ladder lea ned against the back side of the building and operating a gasoline-powered 3,000 -psi DeWalt pressure washer to clean the exterior.  During the pressure washer o peration, the employee fell from the ladder, a fall height of 15 feet to 20 feet .  He struck his head on the pressure washer, which caught fire and severely bur ned the employee.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of second and third degree burns to 34% of h is body, multiple finger amputations, visual impairment, and a fractured vertebr a.  During the subsequent investigation, it was established that operating the p ressure washer from a ladder was contrary to the manufacturer's instructions.
electrocution_fatal	On April 7, 2005, an employee was working as an electrical or electronics technician for a company that manufactured packaging machinery. He was found dead. He had come into contact with apparatus or wiring, and he had been electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 2:04 p.m. on October 4, 2015, an employee and a coworker were removing metal decking material, uncovering a hole opening on a roof. The employee and the cowo rker were in the process of standing up, lifting the decking material, one perso n on each end. As the co-worker turned his head toward a warning flag, he felt t he decking change direction. At that time the employee on the other end had fall en through the 3 ft by 3 ft hole in the roof, landing on a cement floor.  The em ployee was killed from injuries sustained in the 30 ft fall.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 7:15 a.m. on February 11, 2022, an employee was injured after a struck by an object.  The employee was struck above the right eye by the piece of wood discharged from the wide belt sander (Laguna Pro75) and sustained a righ t ulnar fracture when he landed on the concrete surface. The employee sustained a laceration above the right eye and a right ulnar fracture, requiring surgery. The employee was hospitalized to treat these injuries.
struck_fatal	At 2:40 p.m. on September 7, 2021, an employee installed roofing cap shingles. W hile working, the employee was struck and killed by lightning.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 12, 2016, Employee #1 was assisting coworkers with a pipe line hot tap installation. As they installed the barred tee (pig bars) in the pr essurized gas pipeline, an equipment failure occurred. Part of the tool blew off as a result of the release of high pressure gas and struck Employee #1, who was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on August 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a two-story residential building project.  He was helping to ins tall new metal railing on a raised deck.  Employee #1 fell from the deck, a fall height of approximately 20 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a brain inj ury requiring surgery.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:10 p.m. on June 21, 2022, an employee was inside the basket of a bucket tru ck with a coworker as they prepared to lift a communication cable.  After contac ting an energized cable, the employee yelled and collapsed.  CPR was initiated o n site and the employee was transported to the hospital.  Three minutes after ar riving at the hospital, the employee was pronounced dead from electrocution.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on August 31, 2015, an employee was assisting the owner and one oth er employee of this company with sill plate placement on top of the foundation w all on this new residential construction site. This involved placing the sill pl ate gasket on top of the concrete block and placing 2 inch x 6 inch planks on th e wall such that holes were drilled in the planks to be fastened to the foundati on by the anchor bolts.   The employee was on top of the foundation wall involve d in some phase of this process and jumped off the wall to the ground after the company owner asked him to move so the owner could place the sill plate gasket. The employee went behind the owner and out of his view and either fell 12 feet 6 inches to the basement level either from standing on the ground and going over the foundation wall or from standing on the top of the foundation wall and fall ing from there.  The employee sustained a depressed left sided skull fracture in the temporal area of the skull accompanied by subdural hemorrhaging.  He also s ustained facial bone fractures.  He was in a coma for 8 days and died on 09/08/2 015.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 15, 2019, an employee was driving a dump truck loaded wit h frac sand over a private gravel road and was too close to the edge when it gav e way.  The employee's truck slid off the road and rolled down the hill.  The em ployee sustained blunt force trauma to the head during the rollover and was kill ed.
struck_nonfatal	On January 17, 2018, an employee was cutting a metal fence railing that was unde r extreme tension.  The employee was hit in the face when the railing was releas ed and suffered a broken nose as well as a cracked skull.  The employee was hosp italized.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker working from a utility pole had completed a splice in a deenergized 7,200-volt single-phase line. Another line, which dead-ended at the pole and fed the spliced line, had not been deenergized. The worker signaled the crew leader that he was going to descend the pole so that he could retrieve insulated tools to reattach the jumper between the two lines. The power line worker was wearing leather work gloves and had not placed electrical protective equipment on the energized line. The crew leader was loading tools into a truck with his back towards the pole. When he looked back, he saw the power line worker hanging by his climbing harness. He had been electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 6:20 p.m. on October 1, 2021, an employee was working on the ro of's edge.  He was preparing to edge metal for installation when he fell from th e roof.  He landed on the ground approximately ten feet below.  The employee sus tained a fractured wrist, requiring surgical repair. The employee was hospitaliz ed for these injuries.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on October 4, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker were preparing to be gin power washing work with a Butterworth (Gardner Denver) SX600 pump and a Sutt ner ST 3600 power washing gun with an approximately 32-inch rigid lance.  The co worker was performing pre-use pressure tests when he lost control of the gun.  T he water, at a pressure of 5,000 psi, struck Employee #1 on the right side of hi s face and neck and severed his carotid artery.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On July 7, 2005, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in siding work at a residence. They were removing an antenna from the side of the home when it contacted a 7,200-volt overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was cutting two holes in the sixth level concrete floor of a commercial building being renovated.  He was operating a Milwaukee core drill when the drill jammed and began to spin.  The employee stepped on the drill, and the spinning motion caused him to be thrown against a column.  The employee was transported to the h ospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured left ankle.
electrocution_fatal	On July 9, 2008, Employee #1 was laying in the 17-inch-wide space between the floor supports in the sub flooring of a home, using a battery operated drill to create an opening in the wall for plumbing lines. A coworker was using an electric jack hammer to remove the concrete floor and sewer line in an adjacent room. Employee #1 lifted his head and it came into contact with the metal conduit running the length of the wall and received and electric shock. He was transported to Johns Hopkins Hospital, where he later died.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on June 19, 2017, Employee #1 and #2 were standing on an unsecured wooden platform that was part of a prefabricated building as two c oworkers operated forklifts nearby. The first coworker had a prefabricated woode n panel rigging to a rough terrain forklift. The second coworker was supporting the panel from underneath with a second forklift. The prefabricated wooden panel weighed approximately 1,100 pounds. As the second forklift removed the support from underneath the panel, the strap mechanism holding the panel failed. The pan el fell and struck the platform where two employees were standing. Both employee s fell and a section of the 1,100 pounds panel fell onto them. Employee #1 suffe red a brain hemorrhage and numerous fractures and was in a coma after being stru ck by the falling panel and falling from the platform. As for Employee #2, he su ffered calcaneus fractures after being struck by the falling panel and falling f rom the platform. Both employees were transported to a medical center, where the y both underwent surgical procedures and received additional treatment and were then hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 28, 2018, an employee was rotating a manipulator with a fo ot pedal while sitting down. The employee's right leg became caught between the pedal and a bowl, straining his tendons. The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 2, 2018, an employee was to work on installing copper fla shing on a new window. The employee exited a man-lift basket and onto a field mo dified basket that was attached. The wooden modification broke and the employee fell twenty feet. The employee was hospitalized with fractures to both wrists, r ight pinky, skull with a hematoma and his right thigh muscle was separated from the bone.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was lowering the bucket on a line truck.  He noticed that the animal g uard on the lightning arrestor was not closed.  As Employee #1 attempted to clos e the animal guard with his hands, his shirt sleeve made contact with energized circuits, and he sustained electrical burns to his right arm.  Emergency service s were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electrical burns.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 27, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction serv ices company, was working at a power plant.  As he subsequently reported, Employ ee #1 was walking back from his break when an object fell from above and struck his head and neck.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was ad mitted and treated for pain and swelling to his head and neck.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 a.m. on December 28, 2016, Employee #1 was securing a shovel to the side of the dump truck.  Another employee backed up a front end loader and struck Em ployee #1, fatally crushing his chest and internal organs.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on May 12, 2014, an employee was installing roof decking during wi ndy conditions on a three-story roof. Employee disconnected his rope grab from h arness to retrieve a 4' x 8' piece of plywood that flew off the stack from exces sive wind and landed in between roof trusses.  As he was carrying it back to the stack, he slipped on a loose piece of plywood and slid and fell off the roof. T he employee was killed due to fall.
electrocution_fatal	On August 1, 2006, Employee #1 and coworkers were painting the east side peak of a tower that was located near a 7.2-kilovolt electric line. When Employee #1 completed the top section of the peak, which was approximately 6 in. from the line, he took off his lanyard to move to a lower position. In the process, he contacted the overhead power line, lost his hold on the tower, and fell. Employee #1 dropped approximately 30 ft onto power lines, then another 70 ft to the ground. Employee #1 died of traumatic injuries sustained in the fall.
struck_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on December 18, 2017, an employee was installing sheet metal on an exterior canopy.  A stand-off bracket fell off a suspension scaffold parapet hoo k and struck the employee. The bracket went through the hard hat and caused a sk ull fracture to the employee. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 18, 2020, an accident took place at a cannabis growing f acility.  An employee, a member of a construction crew that was hired to refurbi sh the exteriors of greenhouses on the site, fell through the roof of a greenhou se to the ground below. The employee was hospitalized to treat a fractured verte bra.
fall_fatal	At 10:20 a.m. on December 17, 2018, an employee was retrieving cement blocks fro m a crane basket to place them in two locations where a wall was being built.  T he employee was walking on some plywood that was not supported underneath and th e employee fell approximately 40 feet to a set of rebar that impaled him, killin g him.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:18 p.m. on January 13, 2009, Employee #1 was operating a Crown Standup-Forklift (Model Number RC3020, and Serial Number 1A262013). He struck the metal beam located in the southwest side of the building in front of a door Number 69. Employee #1's left foot was caught and crushed between the forklift and metal beam. Employee #1 was taken to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center in Colton, California, where he had a surgery on his foot. Employee #1 was hospitalized from January 13, 2009 to January 15, 2009.
struck_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on January 24, 2014, an employee used a propane torch to de-thaw a tank valve.  This caused an explosion and the employee suffered severe pulmonary contusion.  The employee was struck by flying valve covers and other objects an d was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 28, 2017, Employee #1 was performing demolition work while standing on an eight foot metal A-Frame ladder. The employee's foot slipped and he and the ladder fell about five feet. He landed on top of the metal ladder, f racturing and bruising his ribs. Employee #1 was hospitalized for four days due to his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 p.m. on November 6, 2019, an employee had stopped to help change a tire on a vehicle that was on the southbound side of the road when he was struck by a 2004 Cadillac Escalade that sideswiped the stranded vehicle.  The employee was pronounced dead at the scene.
electrocution_fatal	On December 1, 2006, Employee #1 was riding a forklift, steadying a large panel as it was taken across a job site. He suffered a serious shock when the forklift contacted an overhead 72-kilovolt power line. He was revived at the scene and transported to the hospital. Employee #1 was later transferred to a rehabilitation center, where he died on February 8, 2007.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on October 12, 2019, Employee #1 was handing material to installers , putting up exterior sheathing, while he was working a Genie Z/60, aerial lift. After losing his balance, Employee #1 then fell 18 feet, from an upper parking garage level, to the concrete sidewalk (below) and suffered blunt impact injuri es to the head and torso with skeletal fractures and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 2:42 p.m. on August 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a traffic control syste ms company, was working at a heavy construction project.  As a backhoe pulled ro pe and conduit from an underground pull box, he used a small traffic sign to red irect the path of the rope.  He was monitoring the tension on the rope when the traffic sign bent in half.  The rope struck Employee #1 and pushed him into a tr uck.  He sustained blunt force trauma injuries to the head and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 10, 2018, an employee was removing the tie down straps fr om a load of 40 foot steel pipes on a flat bed trailer.  The employee was crushe d and killed by one of the pipes as it fell off of the trailer.  Each pipe weigh s approximately 5,000 lbs.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 2, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a paint ing contractor, were preparing to paint the exterior of a residence.  On the sec ond story roof area, Employee #1 was power washing the house exterior.  He then began climbing down a 16-foot extension ladder.  The ladder, which was not secur ed to the house or the ceramic tiles at its base, slipped, and Employee #1 fell to the concrete driveway.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admit ted for treatment of multiple contusions to his head, arms, legs, and a pulmonar y contusion.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 1, 2019, Employee #1 was pressure washing the exterior o f a tractor trailer, using a 9 foot 10 inch mobile ladder stand. His employer ma nufactured their own mobile ladder stand platform. The wheel casters on the plat form were not capable of locking. The guard rail system of the stand was missing the mid rail and the stairway hand rails were only on one side of the platform. Employee #1 set down the pressure washing gun and climbed down the ladder stand . As he descended, he fell, striking his head on the concrete, killing him. Ther e were no eye witnesses to the fall.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on September 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a paving company, w as preparing to begin work at a street paving project.  He was struck by a compa ny pickup truck that was backing up.  The employee was transported to the hospit al, admitted, and treated for lacerations and traumatic injuries to his head and body.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 a.m. on June 6, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were loading sections o f pipe into a shallow 2.5-foot-wide trench.  The coworker was operating an excav ator to move the pipe.  Employee #1 was slouched over in the trench when he was struck by a suspended concrete pipe, 12-inch diameter by 8-foot long and weighin g approximately 1,000 pounds, that was being moved into position.  Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of abdominal and facia l injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on June 27, 2017, four employees were pouring a slur ry concrete at a rebar wall against the slope. The scaffold gave way, all four e mployees were injured when scaffold fell and the rebar wall fell on top of the e mployees. The employees suffered from multiple fractures resulting in hospitaliz ation of two employees.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on March 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working at a multifamily residential construction project.  He was climbing out of a window when he tripped on a piece of wood and fell, a fall height of appro ximately 20 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transport ed to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a concussion and spinal com pression fractures.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on April 30, 2010, Employee #1, a driver for the employer's mobile shredding truck (AXO Shredder), was processing a bin of paper through the machine. During the process, Employee #1 noticed a jam from this location, entered the machine through a locked side door and climbed up into the hopper bin to clear the shredder at which time his right foot got caught in the shredder. The door was equipped with a safety interlock switch that the employer had bypassed, requiring Employee #1 to manually remove the interlock device (pin) to deactivate the machine. Employee #1 had been instructed to never open the door without properly shutting down the equipment first. There was an E-Stop located inside the bin-hopper chamber and one at the operator's panel that Employee #1 did not use, nor did he remove the pin from the interlock prior to entering the equipment. The employer does have specific lockout procedures from the manufacturer on which Employee #1 had been trained. Employee #1 was working alone and there were no witnesses to the accident. The employer was a commercial paper shredding company.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 9, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction subcont ractor, was working at a multi-employer construction site for a multi-family res idential building.  He was operating a pneumatic nail gun to install wood trusse s to the building's framework.  Employee #1 fell to the surface below, a fall he ight of 9 feet.  He sustained a traumatic head injury, and his face was penetrat ed by a nail from the pneumatic nail gun.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	On December 10, 2021, an employee was killed due to multiple blunt force trauma injuries after a County building collapses on him during a tornado.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on July 19, 2011, Employee #1 was working on a residential construction project. Employee #1 was using a Porter Cable reciprocating saw to remove water lines in the crawl space of the residence. The reciprocating saw, extension cord and portable GFCI that were being used were in good working condition, but the electrical conductors in the crawl space showed signs of degradation and damage from animals, and the grounding system for the house was not continuous. Employee #1 made contact with a frayed 120 volt electrical conductor and was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in drywall finishing work for a new two-story multifamily resid ential structure.  He was working from a Husky 6-foot fiberglass ladder and sand ing the stairway landing wall leading to the second floor.  The employee lost hi s balance and fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of fractures to t hree vertebrae, two ribs, and both arms.
struck_nonfatal	On February 20, 2014, Employee #1 was tack-welding rungs on a steel ladder. He lifted his welding shield to look at the position of his next weld. As he did this, Employee #1's right eye was struck by flying debris from an exploded 6 inch grinding wheel that was being used approximately 28 ft away from him. Employee #1 sustained a severe 2 in. laceration to the right eyelid and a laceration to the right eyeball. He was transported to an eye clinic, where he was hospitalized for treatment. Both lacerations required sutures. Employee #1 was advised that he had lost complete vision in his right eye due to the incident and would lose his right eye.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on April 30, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, w as removing roofing material from a retail store front canopy.  He was walking o n plywood they had placed over the support braces when he stepped in an area not covered by plywood and fell.  His fall was partially arrested by his fall prote ction system.  However, after his safety line wrapped around a parapet wall sect ion, it came undone.  At that point the line was too long to prevent his hitting the ground.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitte d for treatment of factures to his face, nose, and right arm.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:35 p.m. on November 6, 2018, an employee and a coworker, a press brake oper ator, were loading parts in a Wysong Model H-3572 brake press.  The employee ass isted the coworker in bending parts.  The coworker cycled the press, catching th e employee's left hand.  The employee amputated two fingers and partially amputa ted two others.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 13, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a constr uction company, were working at a residential job site.  Employee #1 was on a la dder near the peak of the roof, and the coworker was on the ground and holding t he ladder.  The coworker stepped away from the ladder to point out an area on th e roof that still needed work.  One foot of the ladder came off the ground and t he ladder fell.  Employee #1 fell.  He was transported to the hospital, where he died from his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 2, 2018, an employee was working on a roof removing old d ecking. One of the pieces of decking became stuck and when it sprang free, bumpe d the employee who then fell twenty feet through a roof opening. The employee wa s hospitalized for elbow, hand, and ankle fractures and a dislocated shoulder.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 02, 2019, an employee was using a blender to mix grass seed .  The employee had his hand inside the machine. The employee's hand  and arm, u p to the elbow, became stuck in the machine. Coworkers attempted to assist in th e removal by setting the machine to reverse the machine to get the employee's ha nd unpinned. The employee's hand was hanging on by several tendons and was admit ted and treated at the hospital.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 28, 2017, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a cons truction company, were installing plywood decking to the first floor of a reside ntial construction project.  Employee #1 cut a piece of plywood and began to car ry it toward his coworkers.  He walked onto an unsecured piece of decking and fe ll down to the basement.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for traumatic injuries, including a fractured spine.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on October 16, 2009, Employee #1 was conducting finishing work on a concrete L shaped pad, approximately 60 ft long and 30 ft wide. He was using a mop bull float, with 5 handles attached measuring approximately 30 ft in length. The temperature was 45 degrees Fahrenheit with overcast skies. He elevated the handle and came in contact with an 8,000 Kv overhead power line that was approximately 26 ft above the working surface. He was severely shocked, resulting in temporary loss of ability to breath and heartbeat. Employee #1 was hospitalized for electrical shock and burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:15 p.m. on June 25, 2004, Employees #1 and #2 were installing a 400-amp buss duct cap box into a vertical 480-volt, plug-in busway on the third floor of an electrical room. They lifted the unit onto a conduit and were putting the plug in place when a metal support bracket on the buss cap box contacted an energized phase tab on the busway, causing an arc fire that engulfed both employees. They sustained burns on their faces, arms, and hands. Employee #1's injuries required hospitalization; Employee #2 was treated and released. Employee #2 was originally assigned to install the buss duct, and he asked Employee #1 for assistance.
caught_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on February 26, 2018, an employee was assisting a coworker who was backing up a trailer to a loading dock. The employee opened up the rear door of the trailer when the driver backed up and caught the employee between the trail er and the loading dock. The employee was crushed, resulting in his death.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 21, 2016, Employee #1 was cleaning up a general site and p reparing to finish the job. Employee #1 was in the bed of a tri-axle dump Truck (Ford L8000) when he was struck by the bucket of a Mini Excavator (Kubota KX057- 4 Mini Excavator) that was reaching for a load of asphalt.  Employee #1 killed f rom crushing injuries to the jaw, neck, torso, hip, and laceration to the ear. H e sustained second and third degree burns to seventy percent of the body and had a large contusion running diagonally across the back.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:20 a.m. on June 14, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in reroofing activity at a one-story commercial building.  He was moving lumber from a forklift to the ro of's peak when he lost his grip on the lumber and, as a result, lost balance.  E mployee #1 slip down the roof and fell, a fall height of approximately 14 feet. He was wearing a harness connected to a vertical lifeline, but the system did n ot perform properly, and he hit the ground.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple sprains and contusions to his legs, torso, and arms.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 8, 2016, Employee #1 was painting the top of a fourth fl oor building fascia board using an aerial lift, positioned on a slope behind a t ree. The employee raised the aerial device boom and turned the counterweight dow nward, towards the slope. The aerial device tipped over in an arc, causing Emplo yee #1 to fall 40 feet onto the block fence and sidewalk below, killing him.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 25, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in roofing work at an automotive services shop.  He was on the ro of and applying sealant when he stepped onto a skylight.  Employee #1 fell throu gh the skylight to the concrete surface, a fall height of approximately 25 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured left forearm and a bruised shoul der.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on November 18, 2014, an employee was operating a ro ugh terrain forklift to deliver concrete block, mortar mix and sand.The forklift turned over. The employee was pinned by the frame of the forklift and was kille d.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on September 19, 2018, an employee was welding a pumping unit at an oil and gas well battery remote site. The heat index registered 105 degrees Fah renheit. At some point, the employee became unconscious and was later found layi ng on the ground by two coworkers. It was determined that the employee was kille d as a result of suffering a fractured skull, broken ribs, and contusions, likel y attributed to suffering a fall during unconsciousness.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 1, 2018, an employee was struck by a wooden ledger when it w as loosened and the employee was killed
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on February 21, 2019, an employee was installing metal decking on a 2nd floor mezzanine. As he was removing a 6 foot by 3 foot metal sheet off of a forklift, the wind picked up through an open bay catching the metal sheet and p ushing him off the decking 10 feet to the ground below. He sustained rib fractur es, a broken collar bone, a concussion and lacerations and was hospitalized. Wea ther reports showed 12 to 18 mile per hour winds with gusts of up to 30 mile per hour at the time of the accident.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on June 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as setting up scaffold shoring frames that were bundled at a job site.  Shoring frames fell out of a bundle and struck Employee #1 as he attempted to run away. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital .  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on March 6, 2019, Employee #1, a delivery driver employed by a gla ss products company, was working at a client's warehouse.  He was preparing to l oad onto his truck, for delivery to his employer's fabrication facility, a sheet of annealed glass measuring approximately 5 feet by 8 feet by .75 inch thick an d weighing approximately 230 pounds.  He was being assisted by the client, a bus iness owner.  Employee #1 and the client used 9-inch and 8-inch hand vacuum suct ion cups, Woods Powr Grip G0750 and G0695, intending to lift the glass sheet out of its crate and onto a dolly, and then roll it to the truck.  As they lifted t he glass, it began to slip.  The side the client was holding detached from the s uction cup, fell to the ground, and shattered.  A shard of glass struck Employee #1, severing a neck artery.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 wa s transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment.  He died the following day.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 28, 2022, an employee fell into a stairwell and was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 2:19 p.m. on November 18, 2009, Employee #1, from Mistras Group Incorporated was working on a well pad (North Gas Injection Pad) in Prudhoe Bay, Alaska. Employee #1 was operating a 2009 Ford F-150 vehicle and inspecting a six in. horizontal gas injection pipeline. He left the vehicle in gear, exited the vehicle, and did not set the emergency brake and wheel stop. The vehicle rolled and caught Employee #1 between the vehicle and the gas injection pipeline, crushing him. He was working alone at the time of the incident. Employee #1 was transported to the main construction camp (MCC) clinic, where he later died. There were extreme weather conditions at the time of the incident, including a wind chill of -32 degrees.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 11, 2019, an employee was operating a stand up fork truck when he lost control and struck a racking system. The employee fractured his foo t and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection co mpany, was installing metal decking for a two-story commercial building.  Attemp ting to retrieve a tool, he walked towards the decking's edge.  Employee #1 fell from the leading edge, a fall height of 27 feet.  Emergency services were calle d, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to both elbows, his right leg, his pelvis, and his cheek bone.
caught_fatal	On November 7, 2008, Employee #1 was fixing a sanitary pipe and he was trapped by a soil collapse. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a dr ywall construction company, were working at a multiemployer construction project , a new multifamily residential building.  Employee #1 was on a second floor wal k platform and handing a ladder down to Coworker #1.  Employee #1 impacted the p latform's guardrail, the guardrail came apart, and he fell to the concrete surfa ce.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital.  He was admitted and treated for a hip fracture and a head laceration.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 15, 2018, Employee #1, a contract  employee for a const ruction company, was prepping a two-story commercial office building for exterio r painting.  He was working from an aluminum 28-foot Werner extension ladder lea ned against the back side of the building and operating a gasoline-powered 3,000 -psi DeWalt pressure washer to clean the exterior.  During the pressure washer o peration, the employee fell from the ladder, a fall height of 15 feet to 20 feet .  He struck his head on the pressure washer, which caught fire and severely bur ned the employee.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of second and third degree burns to 34% of h is body, multiple finger amputations, visual impairment, and a fractured vertebr a.  During the subsequent investigation, it was established that operating the p ressure washer from a ladder was contrary to the manufacturer's instructions.
fall_fatal	At about 8:50 p.m. on September 26, 2013, Employee #1, with Ads Logistic Services - Gaffney LLC, was placing product boxes on a warehouse storage rack (Aisle number: 12; sixth level). Employee #1 was using an order picker (8,834 pounds; Raymond Lifts 5600; Serial Number: 560-08-B8003). Employee #1 was standing on the elevated lift platform, which was about 35 ins. high, while attached by a harness. A coworker was operating a different piece of equipment (17,264 pounds; Raymond Lifts Swing Reach SB CSR30T; Serial Number: SB-08-01454), and struck the lift truck operated by Employee #1. The coworker was traveling at approximately six mph (maximum speed). Employee #1's lift tipped over, and both the lift and Employee #1 struck the concrete. Although properly tied off to the lift, Employee #1 died from blunt force trauma to the head on impact with the concrete floor. Diagnostic testing of the lifts by Raymond Lifts indicated they were both in proper operating condition at the time. A Forklift Training Program, which utilized classroom discussion, video, written test, and a practical skills test, was being followed, as required by the company. Both operators had been recently certified by the host employer (within the past four months) to operate the lifts they were driving. Operators' manuals were available on both lifts. Warehouse lighting was adequate in addition to overhead platform lights, headlights, back up lights, and flashing caution lights on the lifts. The radio-frequency guided lifts were not designed to be able to pass each other on the approximately six ft wide aisle but could travel on the same aisle, simultaneously. Both employees were provided to the host employer through a temporary staffing agency.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on March 15, 2019, an employee was walking from his truck to check in at the office.   The employee was struck by a truck and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:42 a.m. on August 13, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing a one-story commercial building.  He was dragging a heavy roll of insulation  sheeting while walking backward on the roof when he fell off the roof's edge, a fall height of 30 feet, and struck a concrete slab.  The employee was hospitalized for treatme nt of multiple injuries that included multiple fractures, punctured organs, and a smashed face.
caught_fatal	At 8:00 p.m. on May 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a paving company, was load ing a paving roller onto a trailer.  The roller fell from the trailer and onto E mployee #1, pinning him to the ground.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 19, 2017, an employee was working from a roof of a buildin g to prime its exterior when he fell to the ground. The employee sustained a fra ctured vertebrae and hand, as well as multiple ribs, which he was hospitalized a nd received treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:51 a.m. on September 13, 2013, Employee #1, an electrician helper employed by Orange Electrical Contractors Inc., was working inside the electrical room of an empty commercial building. He had been assigned to disconnect a ground wire from the de-energized lower portion of an electrical panel (RSE-SIERRA, S.O. 26528-12, 3000 AMPS, 480 Volt Phase to Phase). However, Employee #1 opened the energized upper section of the panel. He contacted the energized conductors of the three-phase circuit and was severely shocked. Emergency services were called. Employee #1 was transported to Corona Regional Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead from electrocution. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA at 1:55 p.m. on September 13, 2013. Cal/OSHA initiated its investigation at approximately 3:00 p.m. on September 13, 2013. It determined that Employee #1 had been working for the employer, an electrical contractor, for four months.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on November 1, 2016, two employees were setting drums for a lane cl osure on I-40 westbound, at approximately mile marker 10.6.  The coworker (drive r) of the flat bed pick up truck told Employee #1 that he was going to move the truck forward about 25-30 yards.  The coworker said the Employee #1 was standing at the rear of the truck when he started driving forward.  After he stopped, th e driver said he looked in the driver side view mirror and saw Employee #1 lying on the ground. Employee #1 was killed from blunt head trauma.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on March 10, 2010, Employee #1 was using a hand-held router to trim the edges of a wooden table inside a warehouse.  Employee #1's glove became caught in the opening on the metal frame of the router, and he suffered a partial amputation of his right thumb. The size of the opening on router tool was measured to be one inch wide by two inches long. The router had an ON/OFF hand switch on the tool and was fitted with a 120-volt plug-in type extension cord. According to the employer, the router was in its as-purchased condition, and the opening on the metal frame allows hot air and wood debris generated during cutting to escape. Employee #1 was taken to Hollywood Presbyterian Hospital and hospitalized for three days, during which he had surgery on his thumb. Employee #1 worked for Expert Construction Company.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 8:25 a.m. on July 19, 2019, an employee was riding a bicycle an d chain broke.  The employee landed on his left elbow and fractured his wrist an d arm.  The employee was hospitalized for these injuries.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on August 18, 2017, an employee was working in the south east corne r of a building and had just finished closing off a doorway using concrete cinde r blocks.  The employee needed to wait for the mortar he used to dry and walked into the northeast portion of the building which was being demolished.  The empl oyee was struck by falling debris and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:41 p.m. on May 21, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing work at a two- story single family residence.  After installing a new roof, he was working from a ladder and cleaning the gutters.  The ladder began to tip to the side, and th en its bottom kicked out.  Employee #1 fell and landed on the ladder, which had fallen to the concrete surface.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, ad mitted, and treated for a fractured right elbow.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 13, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working from the beams of a one-story commercial building's unfinished roof. He was taking measurements in preparation for installing metal roofing materia l.  Employee #1, who was not using fall protection, stepped on a bundle of roofi ng material that had been placed on the beams.  The bundle shifted, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 36 feet.  Employee #1 sustained multiple fractures to his head, neck, arms, legs, hips, and torso.  He was killed in the fall.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on February 4, 2019, an employee was climbing into the passenger si de of semi-truck when he slipped on the ice accumulation on side of the truck. T he employee fell and fractured his ankle and sustained a severed tendon.  The em ployee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:26 p.m. on December 6, 2014, Employee #1 was breaking a curb that was on the edge of a busy highway with a jack hammer and a car veered off t he road and struck him.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on September 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in removing the metal roof of a commercial building.  He had fin ished installing warning lines on the roof, and had begun removing screws from t he first section of metal roofing, when he stepped back and fell through a skyli ght onto a pallet of shelving, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on November 19, 2020, the employee was welding. The employee was u sing a crane to flip a steel beam on one end to stand vertically. Chain rigging on the overhead crane caught the bottom of the vertical beam, causing the beam t o flip and strike the employee. The employee was killed when he was caught betwe en two beams and then fell to the ground.
fall_fatal	At 9:21 a.m. on April 15, 2022, an employee was cleaning the roof deck in prepar ation for installation of insulation. The employee moved a cover from a hole in the roof deck and fell through the hole to the second story of the building.  Th e employee fell approximately 47 feet and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:25 p.m. on August 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a two-story multifamily residential structure.  He was working f rom an aluminum extension ladder and replacing galvanized steel gutter downspout s when his hands made contact with live overhead high voltage lines.  He fell fr om the ladder, a fall height of 10 feet.  Employee #1, who sustained head injuri es and electrical burns to both hands, was killed.
caught_fatal	At 7:15 a.m. on April 16, 2018, an employee was clearing a jammed ejector while it was operating.  The employee was caught between the jammed superstructure of the ejector and the stationary truck body when the hydraulic pistons were tempor arily powered by pressurized air.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	A power line crew was repairing a damaged cable in an underground vault filled with water. The 2.4-meter by 4.3-meter vault was located on a sidewalk next to a street. The nitrogen-insulated cables in the vault were energized at 4.8 to 34.5 kilovolts. The workers identified the damaged cable from bubbles leaking up to the surface of the water. They pumped water from the vault; and, from a station 0.4 kilometers away, the utility deenergized the cables and dropped nitrogen pressure. The lines were tagged, and the workers ventilated the vault before entry. After the damaged cable was repaired, a power line worker on the crew (Employee #1) suggested that they also repair the 34.5-kilovolt cable. The crew supervisor held a Univeld acetylene torch to heat a tin-lead-antimony alloy bar (manufactured by Canfield Technologies, Inc.) into a catch pad that Employee #1 was holding. Employee #1 used a mirror to see the back of the cable. While he was leaning over looking at the cable and applying the pad with the solder to the bottom of the cable, the hot solder squirted onto his neck and dripped down to his collarbone. The worker sustained second- and third-degree burns and was hospitalized for 4 days. The injured worker had been wearing a hard hat, safety glasses, Bulwark VF Imagewear fire-resistant coveralls, cotton fire-resistant gloves, safety shoes, and rubber boots. His coveralls had been zipped and buttoned all the way up. However, the worker had extended his neck while looking under the cable. The injury was at the line of the T-shirt, under his coveralls.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 12, 2017, Employee #1 was installing a plastic tarp on a residential roof.  The employee disconnected her harness to relocate the lifel ine on top of the plastic tarp and fell 25 feet to the ground. Employee #1 fract ured her pelvis and ribs, which she was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:20 a.m. on August 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in framing work at a multiemployer construction project, a three- story building.  He was working from the second floor and attempting to nail a p lywood board on the third floor joists.  As he was walking backward, Employee #1 fell through an opening and landed on the first floor, a fall height of 10 feet 3 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a right lung contusion and a minor spinal injury.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 25, 2019, an employee stood on the second story floor jois t while waiting to receive additional wood. At a tele-handler type forklift oper ator raised the forks, the forks caught the employee and tossed the employee int o the air. The employee fell and received a facial fracture. Thee employee was h ospitalized for surgery to repair the fracture.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was in an aerial lift, working on an energized power line. He contacted a 13.2-kilovolt phase conductor that he was not working on and was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on May 21, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a utility services compan y, was engaged in a power line pole installation.  He sustained an electric shoc k of 7,200 volts and burns to his arm.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electr ic shock and second and third degree burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 7:15 a.m. on June 23, 2006, Employee #1, a foreman, was retrieving a fish tape through a conduit pipe in an energized 480-volt distribution panel. As the steel fish tape passed his hand, it arced across two phases of busbar, resulting into an electrical arc flash. Employee #1 suffered second-degree burns to his right hand, for which he was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	On March 28, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a building products and construction company, was standing next to a railing and waiting for a delivery at a multiem ployer construction project.  The railing broke, and Employee #1 fell.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitte d, and treated for a fractured jaw.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 31, 2018, an employee was working in a six foot trench wi th vertical walls to dislodge a trench box for removal. During this process, the side wall of the trench collapsed and fell onto the employee and partially buri ed him. The impact caused a hip fracture and a concussion when the employee's he ad struck against the trench box and the employee was hospitalized for his injur ies.
caught_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on March 26, 2021, an employee completed painting an area and was m oved while standing on the mobile frame scaffold to a new section to continue pa inting. While being moved to the new area, the scaffold wheels became caught on a transition strip on the floor, which caused the scaffold to stop suddenly. The employee lost balance, fell approximately twenty feet, and was killed by blunt force trauma to the head.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on April 29, 2016, a worker was manually removing floor boards from the second story of a barn that was used as a hay loft. As he stood on the exte rior edge of the loft to remove some floor boards, he fell 13 feet to a concrete surface below. He landed face first, suffering multiple fractures to his head, ribs, and face. The worker was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was determin ed to have died.
electrocution_fatal	On July 22, 2008, a truck driver was disconnecting the steel cable sling from a mobile crane when the extended boom of the crane made contact with an overhead power line. The truck driver was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 13, 2017, an employee was assigned to signal traffic at a h ighway construction site. As the employee was signaling for oncoming traffic to stop, he was struck by a motor vehicle who failed to stop and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on May 22, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an electr ical services company, were preparing to install electrical wiring.  Employee #1 was waiting for a metal fish line that his coworker was feeding through a 3.5-f oot metal conduit pipe.  Employee #1 removed his left hand's glove and reached i nto the pipe to grab the fish line.  As he removed the fish line from the pipe, the line came into contact with an energized busbar conducting 480 volts.  An ar c flash occurred, and Employee #1's hand was burned.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for second degree burns to his hand.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:44 p.m. on April 1, 2019, Employee #1, the owner of a residential remodelin g company, was working at a home renovation project.  He was using an unguarded angle grinder to cut wood strips for a doorway frame when the grinder kicked bac k.  The grinder blade struck his right hand.  He was transported to the hospital , where he was admitted for treatment of a laceration to the hand.
electrocution_fatal	On August 22, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by Coppersmith Gutter Company LLC, were working at a residential building. They were installing a steel downspout. According to Coworker #1's statement during the subsequent investigation, Employee #1 was attempting to angle the downspout around the electrical lines going into the house. Employee #1 was working from a Werner aluminum extension ladder that had been positioned with rubber caps above the window, under the soffit. The feet of the ladder were on the grass, north of the adjacent wood patio. Coworker #1 stated he heard a moan from Employee #1 and found Employee #1 slumped against the electrical wiring and still in contact with the aluminum ladder. Coworker #1, using the sole of his shoe, kicked the ladder out from under Employee #1 in an attempt to disconnect him from the electrical current. Employee #1 fell to the ground. According to Coworker #1, the ladder was not in contact with the electrical line. Employee #1 was electrocuted. This fatality was investigated by Minnesota OSHA. The subsequent Medical Examiner's report listed electrocution as the immediate cause of death.
struck_fatal	On July 31, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was cleaning flashing on the roof of a two-story multifamily residential structure.  The empl oyee was struck by lightning and fell from the roof.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 17, 2017, Employee #1, a carpenter/joister employed by a c onstruction company, was engaged in carpentry work at the construction site for a multifamily residential building.  He was walking up the wall wood plate, appr oximately 9 feet above the third floor's wooden floor, and going over a rebar ho ld down.  Employee #1's leg became caught by the metal rebar hold down.  Employe e #1 lost his balance and fell to the floor, breaking a wooden brace during his fall.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture of the third lumbar (lower b ack) vertebra.
struck_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 5, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in the construction of a new building.  He was dismantling a steel DOKA concrete forming panel.  Without first ensuring that the forming panel was connected to the tower crane and thus secured, the employee removed all structu ral t-bolts holding the forming panel upright .  The forming panel broke loose f rom the concrete and fell to the ground.  Employee #1, whose fall protection was attached to the forming panel, fell 19 feet and struck his head against the con crete surface.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was kil led.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 8, 2005, Employee #1 and a coworker, both journeyman electricians, were repairing and replacing control systems for a 500-kilowatt Caterpillar gas-fired generator. Employee #1 was working on a 24-volt signal return line from the control panel to the high-voltage panel. He was in front of the open high-voltage panel when an arc from one of the three phases crossed to an adjacent phase. This superheated the copper contacts to the fuses, resulting in an arc flash. Employee #1 suffered second- and third-degree burns to his face, chest, and arms. He was transported to Henry Mayo Hospital, and later transferred to the Grossman Burn Center in Sherman Oaks, CA, where he was treated for 11 days while undergoing skin grafts. The high-voltage panel contained exposed, energized 480-volt components, including fuses tied with the local power system and supplying power to the panel. There were no barricades or barriers to prevent accidental contact with the system. The employer was cited for a violation, serious, of T8CCR 2320.4(a), for working on equipment with exposed energized components.
struck_fatal	At 11:17 a.m. on December 27, 2017, an employee was sitting at the end of the dr op table, calculating the amount of materials to order.  The employee suffered a cardiac attack which caused the employee to fall backwards from a sitting posit ion and strike his head on the cement.  The employee experienced a thoracoabdomi nal aortic dissection due to arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease and died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:59 p.m. on September 5, 2003, Employee #1, a foreman at IMR Roofing, Inc., was standing on a metal scaffold platform while using a rope to hoist a 20 ft long metal gutter up to a roof. When the gutter reached the top of the scaffold's railing, he started to place it on the roof. Employee #1 was angling the gutter when it contacted a 12 kilovolt overhead power line. He sustained an electric shock that knocked him backward off the scaffold. Employee #1 fell approximately 10 ft to the third floor and sustained serious injuries. He was transported San Fransisco General Hospital, where he was admitted for treatment. The general contractor had moved the power line to put up the scaffold, which was erected between 7 ft and 9 ft away. The scaffold had no railing on the back and there was an approximately 2 ft gap between the scaffold and the building. In addition, the scaffold was not fully planked. The employer was cited for a violation of T8CCR 2946(b)(2), concerning proximity to overhead power lines.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 16, 2004, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by House Construction, was cutting a piece of wood with a chop saw, a DeWalt Model DW705, serial number 118616. Employee #1 was cutting wood to be applied as a handrail for stairs on the third floor of an apartment building. The foreman was on the first floor and the superintendent was on the second floor at the time of the accident. Employee #1 amputated his right index finger.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a company that fabricate d and installed industrial covers, was engaged in the installation of a liner at a waste lagoon.  A nylon strap/sling became severed, and its free end with atta ched pulley struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration to his abdomen that required five stitches and bruising to his abdomen and chest .
fall_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on May 7, 2018, Employee #1 was working from a fourth floor wall op ening, at an approximate 32 foot elevation, removing a concrete filled wheelbarr ow. Employee #1 was contained in an improvised wooden trash box, measuring 4 fee t by 4 feet by 8 feet, that was placed on the forks of a JLG rough terrain fork truck. During work, the trash box shifted and both Employee #1 and the wheelbarr ow fell 32 feet to the ground. Employee #1 struck a concrete block wall during t he fall and suffered multiple broken bones and crushing injuries, killing him.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:20 p.m. on August 15, 2018, an employee was rearranging the panels on a pal let and caught his right hand's pinky between two panels.  The employee amputate d his finger and was treated at Kaiser Permanente Hospital.  Hospitalization was not required.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on January 26, 2016, Employee #1 was climbing a scaffold fixed lad der to gain access to the fourth tier of the scaffold. The employee contacted an energized power distribution line with the metal spray painting wand that he wa s carrying. Employee #1 received an electrical shock and fell 32 feet from the s caffold. He was killed by the fall and electrical shock.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 20, 2014, Employee #1 was laying felt paper on a 6/12 pi tch roof. It was raining and the entire crew was trying to lay the felt paper as quickly as possible to prevent damage to the residence.  The employee was not w earing any fall protection equipment. As Employee #1 attempted to exit the roof via a ladder, he slipped and fell 16 feet to the asphalt driveway, sustaining a fractured skull and facial bones, a broken ankle and a broken leg. Employee #1 w as taken to the hospital. On August 27, 2014, the employee was removed from life support and passed away.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 7, 2003, Employee #1 was part of a crew that was cleaning up and removing the last ground on a 69 kilovolt overhead power line. He was standing on the ground and was touching the crew's truck when the line became re-energized and he suffered an electric shock. Employee #1 sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
caught_fatal	At approximately 12:15 p.m. on September 29, 2008, Employee #1 was retrieving a piece of asphalt from the bottom of a trench, which was about 8.75 feet deep. As Employee #1 walked through a corrugated pipe, measuring 5 feet in diameter, to reach the trench, he stepped outside of the corrugated pipe. This caused the side wall on the trench to collapse, burying Employee #1 up to his chest. Employee #1 died due to asphyxiation.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 8:21 a.m. on December 18, 2013, Employee #1 and Employee #2, carpenters employed by a construction company, were engaged in interior carpentry at a commercial building. They were cutting "cookies" on a joist. Employee #1 and Employee #2 fell to the concrete floor, a fall height of approximately 16 feet. Emergency services were called, and the Ventura County Fire Department responded. The workers were transported to the hospital, where both were admitted and treated. Employee #1 required treatment for a fractured wrist and a fractured coccyx (tailbone). Employee #1 required treatment for multiple unspecified fractures. The Ventura County Fire Department reported this event to Cal/OSHA at 12:28 p.m. on December 18, 2013. The subsequent investigation determined that the employer was a construction company specializing in light commercial framing. The investigation concluded that Employee #1 and Employee #1 were working on a 30-foot joist that was approximately 16 feet from the concrete floor, and this joist was not securely braced or supported.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 24, 2018, an employee and two coworkers were putting up w ood framing on new construction. At some point, the employee fell approximately twelve feet and received fractured vertebrae. The employee was hospitalized to t reat the injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on November 29, 2018, an employee was framing a single family home second story when the employee stepped backwards, lost balance and fell ten feet . The employee was hospitalized with a concussion injury.
caught_nonfatal	On April 28, 2009, Employee #1 was probably adjusting and lubricating the conveyor belt below five bins on the Gencor Bin Feeding System. He was dragged from bin number 1 to between bin number 3 and 4, and found by a coworker. He was taken to RI Hospital with unspecified broken bones and internal injuries, where he received treatment and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on August 5, 2020, an employee was conducting joint repair on a bri dge servicing an interstate highway. While working, a dual, rear-wheel pickup tr uck approached the work area. As the truck passed, a rear wheel (with rim) detac hed from the truck and rolled into the work zone. The tire struck the employee a t a high rate of speed, who was killed by the unspecified injuries sustained by the impact.
struck_nonfatal	On April 2, 2014, Employee #1 was working with Coworker #1, the owner of the residential construction company where Employee #1 was employed. They were engaged in interior tile work at a residence. Employee #1 was holding the edge of a sheet of .25-inch cement backer board while Coworker #1 used a Skilsaw power saw to make cuts in the board. Coworker #1 made lengthwise cuts on each side of the board and was making a 4-inch cut to complete the process of cutting the board into three pieces. As Coworker #1 made this final cut, Employee #1 held a small section of the board to prevent the board from falling, which could cause the saw to kick back or the blade to break off. Employee #1's right thumb moved on the board and into the path of the saw blade. Employee #1's right thumb came into contact with the saw blade and was amputated. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the amputation. Employee #1 underwent surgery, during which his thumb was reattached successfully. This event was investigated by Cal/OSHA beginning April 29, 2014.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:00 a.m. on April 25, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in const ruction work at a multifamily residential structure.  They were moving a fork at tachment from one location to another.  Employee #1 rigged the fork attachment t o an all terrain forklift.  The coworker drove the forklift to the other locatio n.  Employee #1 went to detach the fork attachment.  Employee #1 put his left mi ddle finger in between the hook and forklift.  The hook smashed/crushed Employee #1 finger, resulting in amputation.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l, treated for the finger amputation, and released without hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on November 23, 2011, Employee #1 was working for his employer at the shipping and receiving department of the 7171 Scout Avenue building. The employer was Barber Welding and Manufacturing Company, a custom weld, metal fabrication, and machine shop service company. Employee #1 was operating a horizontal bandsaw with swing head (Model Number S-20P; Serial Number 40191198; 240 volts; 60 hertz; three-phase; "3+2" horsepower motor; "FLA 17.8"; right side adjustable but was solid; holding/clamping vice; "Guard position Left at farthest = 5-inches usable maximum"; 13-inch vertical work piece capacity; 1- or 1.25-inch-wide by 12- or 13.6-inch long by "0.35" thick saw blade with 4 to 6 teeth per inch). He was using the saw to cut a test sample from a tube-shaped bronze casting (aluminum bronze alloy) work piece that was 10 inches wide by 5.5 inches high, with a 1-inch thick wall. A coworker was standing on the right side of the machine and was assisting Employee #1, who was standing on the left side of the machine. Employee #1 placed the work piece on the jaws of the vice and clamped it. Apparently, he then activated the saw controls and began to cut the piece. A coolant flow nozzle, used to direct coolant to the horizontal bandsaw blade, was missing, and it resulted in accumulation of metal shavings on the work piece. While Employee #1 reached to clean off the metal shavings, the blade inadvertently cut his right index finger and amputated it. Employee #1 was hospitalized. The coworker was observing Employee #1, at the time of the accident. The employer did not ensure that the power source for the equipment was deenergized or disengaged from its power source and that all parts capable of inadvertent movement were stopped. Extension tools, which were apparently available to move shavings, or other methods or means were not used to protect employees from injury, if the machinery needed to be capable of movement to perform the work being done.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on March 7, 2017, an employee was cleaning a roof, when he fell 15 feet and struck the ground. The employee fractured one of his hips and both knee s, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on July 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services co mpany, was engaged in electrical installation work at the multiemployer construc tion site for a large office complex.  He was using a Maxis 3K Cable Puller powe red by a Milwaukee Super Hawg Drill to pull wires through an electrical panel in a server room.  The rope that was going through the cable puller's capstan beca me overwrapped.  Employee #1 reached over with his right hand to turn off the eq uipment, and his hand became caught on the rope being pulled.  Emergency service s were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was treated for the partial amputation of his right pinkie finger and then discharged.
electrocution_fatal	A plumber was using a 120-volt electric drill to bore a tunnel under the concrete foundation of a house. As he was working, he was lying on an extension cord set supplying the drill. After he had been working for about 30 minutes, a coworker found him unresponsive. He had been electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 22, 2016, an employee working from a truck bucket hoist i nstalling an electrical wire spreader arm on an electrical pole at a height of a pproximately 40 feet made contact with a 12,000 volt live wire. The employee rec eived an electrical shock and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on April 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a skills development or ganization, was engaged in exterior carpentry at a residential building.  Employ ee #1  began to climb a 16-foot extension ladder, intending to hand up a tool to an employee who was on the roof.  Employee #1 slipped off the ladder, fell a fa ll height of approximately 4 feet, and lost consciousness upon impact.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to a hospital.  Employee #1 was admitted and treated for a head injury.
fall_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 6, 2017, an employee was painting. As the employee was sta nding on a portion of a roof, just above a porch, the inadvertently stepped off the roof's edge and fell to a concrete surface below. The employee suffered blun t force trauma to his head and was killed as a result.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 15, 2018, a crew of six employees were working on a bridge and were tightening post tensioning rods when it collapsed.  One employee was k illed and the other five employees were hospitalized with multiple injuries.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on Mary 1, 2018, an employee was on the building roof while taking measurements for lumber to be added to the structure and would pass them to a co worker on the ground.  The employee stumbled and fell off of the building struct ure and sustained head trauma when he struck the ground.  The employee was kille d.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on May 29, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a framing constru ction company, were engaged in roofing activity at the site of a new two-story c ommercial building.  Employee #1 was climbing down a ladder when he fell a heigh t of 12 feet, striking Employee #2.  Both employees were transported to the hosp ital, where they were admitted for treatment of fractures.
caught_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on October 14, 2019, an employee was preparing mortar for bricklayi ng by feeding Spec-Mix cement from a silo into a cement mixer (Multiquip Essick, Model Number EM120SMH11.) While feeding the cement mixer, the mixer's paddles s eized and the action of the motor caused the mixer to tip over onto the employee and pin him between the mixer and leg of the silo at the neck. The employee was killed due to a neck fracture.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 14, 2006, Employee #1 was salvaging bolts to install busbars for circuit breakers when he contacted an energized 440-volt circuit. He touched the conductors with both hands, receiving a strong electric shock and sustaining serious injuries. Fire Department paramedics responded and revived Employee #1; he was then transported to the hospital, where he was treated for 14 days.
fall_fatal	At approximately 3:40 p.m. on March 9, 2014, Employee #1 was moving scaffold boa rd to prepare for work on the following day.  He was wearing a safety harness bu t his lanyard was not secured. In order to move the scaffold board he got off of the scaffold board and crawled out on to an x-brace on the underside of the bri dge.  While atop the x-brace, he pulled on a rope that was tethered to the scaff old board.  The rope detached from the end of the scaffold board and Employee #1 lost his balance and fell approximately 100 feet to the ground.  Employee #1 wa s killed
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on Feburary 13, 2015, an employee was installing a metal grate and the metal grate slid down and struck the employee in the leg. The employee was k illed in the accident.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on March 28, 2017, an employee and a coworker were t asked with installing pressure gages on a steel piping system that contained Gre en Liquor inside a building. The Green Liquor was a corrosive liquid and was ope rating at a temperature of 180 to 200 degrees F and under a pressure of 60 to 80 psi in the piping system.  On the morning of the event, the host company held a safety briefing with the both workers along with their foreman.  The workers we re informed that the pipes would be energized (Green Liquor running through it) and that they would have to perform a hot tap (drilling a hole into the pipe) wh ile liquid continued to flow through the piping system.  The workers were also i nformed about the personal protective equipment (PPE) requirement to perform the task.  Some of the PPE the workers were required to wear was a chemical suit al ong with a face shield for face protection.  After drilling the pilot hole into the pipe, the employee began pulling the drill bit out of the coupling and the c ut off ball valve. The coworker was standing by the cut off ball valve waiting t o turn the valve off when the drill bit cleared the cut off ball valve. When the shaft of the drill bit got to where the workers thought that the drill bit shou ld be cleared, the coworker attempted to close the valve, but could not. The emp loyee kept pulling the drill bit out while the coworker continued to try and clo se the valve. The employee eventually pulled the shaft (with the drill bit missi ng) out of the valve and packing device of the hot tap tool. When the shaft of t he drill came out of the packing device, Green Liquor sprayed on to the employee . The employee received chemical burns and or thermal burns to his arms and stom ach area for which he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On May 19, 2004, Employee #1, a maintenance employee, was using an argon-gas, single-phase, Miller Tig welder to weld a metal trough back onto a liver machine while standing in water. The welder voltage ranged from 110 volts to 230 volts. As he welded the liver machine, Employee #1 was electrocuted. Coworkers who heard Employee #1 scream and observed him fall backwards, immediately provided assistance by performing CPR. Emergency services were contacted and, upon their arrival, emergency personnel transported Employee #1 to Rockingham Memorial Hospital in Harrisonburg, VA, where he was determined to be dead.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 17, 2014, Employee#1, a plumber, was working with an assi stant installing and re-routing interior sewer and water pipes. After taking a b reak with his assistant, the employee returned to the area where he had been wor king prior to the break while the assistant was throwing out some garbage. When the assistant returned, he found Employee #1 lying on the concrete floor with a step ladder lying on top of him. The employee was bleeding from the head and was conscious; however, he was unable to inform his assistant of the circumstances of the incident. Employee #1 was transported to a local hospital where he died t he following day as a result of blunt force injuries to his head and neck.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on February 8, 2022, an employee was unloading fumigation chambers at an almond processing facility using a forklift. The employee noticed that the pallet conveyor was malfunctioning. The injured worker got off his forklift and attempted to wipe off the sensor, but the pallets still did not advance. As he turned away, the pallet conveyor moved and a pallet crushed his right hand. The employee was hospitalized  to treat a right ring fingertip amputation.
caught_fatal	At 1:49 p.m. on April 9, 2021, an employee was at a landfill securing the gate o f a 20-yard dumpster on the 2007 Peterbilt roll off, hook lift truck when anothe r truck, a KW with a 22-yard dumpster on it, was backing up in a position next t o his truck. While backing up, the driver saw the employee pull away from the ga rbage pile but was not aware the employee had stopped to secure his gate. The dr iver was backing up using his driver's side mirror to go around to the passenger side of a tractor trailer but he did not use his passenger side mirror and pinn ed the employee between the two trucks. The employee's mid-section of his torso was crushed severely between the two trucks and he was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 a.m. on June 30, 2017, Employee #1 was unloading freight from a truck tr ailer. The employee removed the support strap which was holding an 800 pound, fo ur foot by eight foot box with a steel dock plate in place, without first suppor ting the box with the forklift. Once the strap was released, the weight of the b ox tipped over onto the employee, fracturing his pelvis. Employee #1 was hospita lized for two or more days.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on December 7, 2018, an employee, a Class A commercial driver/drive r, transported a strawberry harvester from the client's agricultural field in Re d Bluff CA to the agricultural field in Anderson CA. He backed the commercial ve hicle and flatbed trailer up to the loading dock and was unsecuring the strawber ry harvester, preparing the strawberry harvester for unloading. The client loade d the strawberry harvester onto the flatbed trailer of the commercial vehicle. T he bin platform was removed from the strawberry harvester and loaded separately onto the front segment of the flatbed trailer. The client secured the strawberry harvester and bin platform to the flatbed trailer. The employee performed a wal k around, observing that the load was secure. The employee drove the commercial vehicle from the agricultural field to its destination. Upon arriving at the des tination, the employee backed the trailer up to the loading dock, and began remo ving rope securing the bin platform table. The primary securement for the bin pl atform table was a metal latch that secures the platform in the upright position . The rope was a secondary means of securement.  The latch failed, and the bin p latform table struck the employee on the head, injuring his back, neck and head. The employee called both his employer and the client, explaining the accident, and his employer instructed him to go to the hospital.  The client's supervisor drove the employee in the client's vehicle to the hospital. No EMS services were contacted. The employee was diagnosed with a fracture to C3 and T5 compression fracture; a broken neck and fractures to the vertebrae in the back.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on February 28, 2013, an employee, a welder, was positioning an approximately 25 pound sheet metal plate on a Mini Mill tank when the plate got stuck. The employee's right middle finger was amputated while he tried to reposition the plate. The plate pinched his finger between the back tank and plate. The employee was taken by the employer to Coastal Urgent Care and then to St. John's Regional Medical Center, where he was seen in the emergency room. The employee was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1 was performing exterior carpentry as part of a multifamily residential building construction project.  His employe r was a subcontractor on this multiemployer project.  Employee #1 was working fr om a 12-foot pick board of a scaffold as he installed rafters for a breezeway. He lost his balance and fell backwards off the scaffold to a cement slab on the ground below, a fall height of approximately 9 feet.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for a broken jaw and lacerations to the liver.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 11, 2021, an employee worked on a truck mounted concret e pump. At some point, the employee made accidental contact with the concrete pu mp boom remote, activated the boom which struck and killed the employee.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on December 7, 2020, an employee was moving by forkli ft heavy screens from one location to another. The employee did not secure the h eavy load properly and as the employee was directing the forklift operator to lo wer the load, the load came off the fork striking the employee causing him to st rike his head on the blue dumpster and then concrete. The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on June 21, 2017, an employee was pouring concrete in front of a c ement mixer truck. During work, the truck pulled forward approximately 50 feet. The employee was struck by the right side of the truck and became pinned between the truck and a 12 inch drop from the sidewalk. As a result, the employee susta ined a broken ankle, ribs, and pelvis.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 31, 2018, Employee #1 was performing interior demolition wo rk at an elevated work area inside of a partially demolished building structure. He had placed a heavy motor at the edge of an unprotected wall opening, 31 feet above the ground, with half of the motor hanging off the edge. With the assista nce of two coworkers, they pushed the motor off the edge. The motor caught on th e employees sleeve or his glove, pulling him out through the wall opening to th e ground below. No guardrails or other fall protection were observed in the area . There was a barrier at the wall opening which was a steel A-frame that went fr om floor to ceiling. Employee #1 sustained a chest compression injury after fall ing and striking an exterior stair railing that was approximately 17 feet above the ground, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On February 21, 2914, Employee #1 was operating a machine when his finger was caught at the pinch point action. The employee was taken to an area hospital, where his finger tip was amputated. Employee #2 was released after twenty-four hours.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:26 p.m. on August 27, 2018, an employee was working from a pump jack scaffo ld to install siding. At some point, the employee lost his balance and fell off the scaffold and received a hand fracture. The employee was taken to a local hos pital for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 5:56 a.m. on November 5, 2008, Employees #1, a 54 year-old-male, a power distribution technician with Disney Photo Imaging, Llc, Dba Reedy Creek Energy was working with a coworker performing an operational check. They were performing an operation check of a newly installed three phase 12.5-KV high-voltage switch station and related distribution system components. The coworker went to retrieve a meter from their work truck to check the voltage, amperage, and/or ohm ratings of the power distribution components. While the coworker was retrieving the meter Employee #1 was in close proximity to a switch station and retrieved an arc flash burn to his upper body and he received a head injury when he fell and hit his head on the concrete working surface. Emergency Medical Services (EMS) was summoned and Employee #1 was taken to a local hospital where he later died from his work related injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 p.m. on June 10, 2019, an employee was removing a metal part from a fix ture with a below-the-hook lifting magnet. The employee was guiding the part wit h her hand underneath the fixture when the part came off the magnet. The employe e's left middle fingertip was caught between the part and the fixture. The emplo yee was hospitalized with an amputation of the left middle fingertip.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on May 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at a job site.  He was placing a 12-inch elevator on a column pipe. The elevator opened unexpectedly and crushed Employee #1's right index finger in a pinch point.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a pinch injury and laceration to his right index finger.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on September 1, 2016, an employee was adjusting grade stake at the side of the roadbed. The employee was caught under the right tread of the bulldozer. He received multiple internal injuries from being crushed und er bulldozer tread and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on July 10, 2017, an employee was riding on the flat bed truck hold ing a sign down.  The employee fell from the truck striking his head on the road way, resulting in severe head trauma and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 30, 2018, Employee #1, the foreman of a roofing crew, emplo yed by a construction company, was engaged in roofing repair work at a three-sto ry multifamily residential building.  He fell from the roof, first striking a po rch overhand and then striking the concrete sidewalk, a total fall height of 36 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures.  Treatment included multiple surgeries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on January 29, 2008, Employees #1 through #3 were at the switchgear in the basement of a hospital. They were using a Fluke multi-meter to test a 4,000-amp circuit breaker when an arc flash occurred. All three employees sustained second- and third-degree burns, and were hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:57 p.m. on July 10, 2018, an employee was serving as a delivery driver who was making a delivery for a transportation and logistics company. After parking his box-truck trailer vehicle in the front of a driveway of a private residence by the curb, he accessed the trailer portion of the truck that measured approxim ately 8 feet by 28 feet to unload a kitchen table. As the employee was standing on the lift gate of the truck with his back turned toward the driveway, he pulle d on the side straps of the crate that contained the table. One of the straps br oke and the employee fell backwards onto the asphalt curb. The employee fell app roximately 4 feet, fracturing his neck and sustaining a concussion. Emergency se rvices were contacted and, upon arrival, the employee was taken to a nearby medi cal facility, where he was hospitalized and received treatment. He was released six days later.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on March 14, 2017, an employee and two coworkers wor ked to open the tube side of the reboiler unit for cleaning operations. The work was performed inside a two story building at an ethanol plant.  The reboiler wa s a Paul Mueller Company Model N43891, Serial Number 364723.  The employer had i nformed the employee and the coworkers who were removing both the nuts and the b olts for the opening that hot water would be released.  There were no procedures to isolate or otherwise render the hot water safe.  The employee was standing n ext to the tube side as the bolt removal was finished when the reboiler opened r eleasing 150 degree water onto the employee.  The employee received second degre e burns to the shoulders, thigh, arms, hips and the back for which he was hospit alized.
electrocution_fatal	On June 28, 2006, Employee #1 and a coworker were performing routine electrical work during a remodeling project. They were moving some electrical lines from an old 480-volt subpanel to a new 480-volt subpanel to meet new electrical codes. Employee #1 died of apparent electrocution. He was found about 12 ft from any live electrical source, although he may have contacted an energized connector while working on the panel.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on May 28, 2016, an employee was struck by lightning while working on a roof.  While retrieving a pneumatic nail gun from the roof he was struck by lightning. The employee endured burns as he was electrocuted and fell from the roof.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:46 a.m. on December 7, 2021, an employee worked to remove a 5S utility ser vice meter and replace it with a 9S utility service meter. The new meter install ed was not designed for the cabinet socket and became energized across all phase s and was explosively ejected from the socket by an electric arc. The employee w as struck on the forehead by the utility service meter and received a laceration . The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted.  He received six stitches to treat the injury.
struck_fatal	At about 11:00 a.m. on January 23, 2017, Employee #1 and a co-worker were spread ing out gravel with shovels inside an excavation that was over 15 feet in depth. The excavator operator believed the two workers were out of the excavation when he lowered the digger/bucket into it, striking Employee #1 on the head with the bucket. Employee #1 was crushed and killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:25 p.m. on July 25, 2017, Employee #1 was cutting wood using a Skill saw. T he employee had his hand under the running blade, trying to catch a piece of woo d, when the blade cut his hand.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on June 7, 2016, an employee was on a flat roof measuring a parapet wall.  The employee fell off the roof 30 feet to the ground, and was killed due to injuries to the head and chest.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 13, 2003, Employee #1 was cutting a 12-in. PVC pipe with a portable power cut-off saw. When he inadvertently twisted the saw, it shot out of his hands and struck him in the left shoulder. He was hospitalized for a laceration.
electrocution_fatal	A senior substation repairman contacted the energized side of a disconnect switch while he was touching its supporting structure. He was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on January 31, 2004, Employee #1, a lineman, was part of a four-man crew repairing power lines that had been damaged by an ice storm. The crew began work on a pole next to a private drive off a main road. Employee #1 went up in an aerial bucket to replace a missing crossarm on the de-energized pole. He and a coworker then drove to another pole, where they met the other two crew members. Employee #1 was elevated in the bucket to attach a come-along to a downed, de-energized overhead power line, which he was then going to splice and connect to the other part of the line that had fallen to the ground. After connecting the come-along, he began to reposition the bucket to disconnect a stinger line above one of the cut-out switches on the "take off" pole. As Employee #1 moved higher, his right shoulder contacted the stinger line and his left upper arm, creating a path to ground for 7,200 volts. Employee #1 was electrocuted. He was wearing his hard hat but the remainder of his personal protective equipment was on the floor of the bucket. Employee #1 thought the power lines below the cut-out switches were de-energized because the switches were in the OPEN position.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:40 a.m. on April 26, 2017, Employee #1 was cutting out a fan housing and s haft. As the employee cut the housing, the shaft came loose, striking Employee # 1 and causing him to fall to the floor. The employee sustained a concussion, two broken wrists, and a fractured tail bone. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 8, 2017, Employee #1 walked, fell to the ground and su stained a fracture.   Employee #1 was then transported to the hospital for treat ment of the injury.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 17, 2013, an employee was refastening a gutter. The e mployee was working from an extension ladder re-fastening the upper rear gutter. A coworker working on the roof walked across the roof to the location where he last saw the employee working and saw the employee lying on the concrete ground. The employee died a day later from head injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 27, 2004, Employee #1 was pulling the cord to crank a generator that had leaked out gasoline overnight, when an explosion occurred, burning him and hurling him 17 feet. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	On May 2, 2011, Employee #1, who was employed by an apartment complex management company, was observing a tow truck operator preparing to tow a car. The car was being towed because it was parked illegally in the wrong carport. The tow truck driver was on the ground, hooking up the towing gear to the car, and Employee #1 noted that the car began to roll backwards, in the path of the tow truck driver. Concerned that the car would run over the tow truck driver, Employee #1 grabbed the door of the car to try to stop it. His thumb got caught between the door and the metal post that supported the roof of the carport. Employee #1's left thumb was partially amputated, with loss of mostly soft tissue but a small fragment of bone as well. He was taken to Kaiser Walnut Creek Medical Center, where he was hospitalized in excess of 24 hours.
fall_fatal	At 8:55 p.m. on January 14, 2020, an employee fell from a trailer deck and susta ined blunt force trauma to his chest when he landed in the parking lot.  The emp loyee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 24, 2015, an employee was engaged in trenching operation s, which included tasks such as dust mitigation, taking depth measurements of th e trench, dislodging any foreign objects that may be caught in the chain of the trenching machine (Trencher Tesmec, Model: 1150 XHD).  A coworker, operator, of the trencher stated that the employee was to the exterior of the machine sprayin g water near the point of operation, to mitigate the dust. The operator did not provide an explanation as to why the employee was working within five meters fro m the trenching machines point of operation.  The operator stated that prior to the incident, the employee worked at a safe distance from the point of operatio n, and when the operator looked down at his control panel in the cab of the mach ine, he looked back up to locate the employee, and did not see him.  At that poi nt, the coworker/operator hit the emergency stop button, and later identified th at the employee had been caught in between the boom and trench. Per the Coroner' s autopsy report, the employee was killed from injuries sustained by the inciden t.
struck_fatal	At 7:45 a.m. on September 15, 2017, Employee #1, a carpenter, was running a stri ng line along the edge of a recently poured concrete beam to check whether it wa s plumb. A 13,000 pound bucket, suspended from a tower crane, came down as it wa s being trollied in and struck Employee #1, who fell to a ramp below and was kil led.
struck_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on April 8, 2016, an employee was walking on the second floor of an apartment building under construction, when he fell through an opening and was killed. The incident investigation revealed that the opening was intended for in stallation of a garbage chute.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on March 14, 2017, an employee was removing tile fro m roof. He fell through a skylight and suffered major head injuries. He was hosp italized and treated for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 17, 2016, an employee performing masonry concrete finishi ng from a swing stage scaffold without a means of fall protection fell and died. The scaffold was displaced when the roll of steel cable hoist line was caught i n the wheels of a moving cement truck. The employee fell and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:08 a.m. on February 6, 2018, an employee was working for a temporary emplo yment agency. She was operating a motorized pallet jack in a storage room or war ehouse. The employee was stacking a pallet of cases at the facility's location R 16N021. After she was done with the stacking, she was going to travel down the a isle to the end of the row. There, she could safely turn around, and she would t hen be able to pick up the pallet of cases with the motorized double pallet jack employee she was operating. She got onto the pallet jack platform's left side a nd brought the steering down. She was traveling straight, with the forks in fron t. As she turned the steering slightly toward herself to move away from a rack, she felt a jolt. Her ankle had become too close to the rack and had been crushed between the bottom of the tilted flow rack and the motorized pallet jack. She s ustained an open fracture to her left ankle and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 4:45 p.m. on September 16, 2021, an employee attempted to perform a brake sla ck adjustment on a trailer. While working, the trailer rolled over the employee, who received crush and drag injuries, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	Some time before 2:45 p.m. on August 2, 2005, Employee #1 was pulling MC cable to be connected to junction boxes when he was shocked by an energized 277-volt circuit. He was sent to the clinic after the accident, where he was treated and released the same day. There were no signs of an electrical burn from the shock and his EKG result was good. Witnesses could find neither a high- nor a low-voltage power source when they tested the circuit. It was speculated that there may have been a very rare instance of capacitive discharge of the battery backup fixtures on the night light circuit, or that a static charge from working on the carpet may have discharged to a grounded surface (cable) in the ceiling. The company's work was already completed when Employee #1 went to the job site.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:35 a.m. on March 23, 2018, an employee was lifting a metal beam with a magn et that was overloaded.  The employee was struck on his left foot by the beam wh en it dropped and amputated his foot.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:40 a.m. on February 1, 2019, an employee was cutting a c-channel on the pla tform with a Milwaukee Heavy Duty reciprocal saw and had previously removed the guard rails from the platform.  The employee tried using a screw driver as a pry tool when the saw blade became stuck.  The employee fell from the raised platfo rm and sustained multiple facial lacerations and rib fractures.  The employee wa s hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On June 18, 2008, an electrician entered the low voltage (up to 13-kv) side of a substation cabinet and removed two fuses. He was wearing fire retardant clothing and high voltage sleeves and gloves. There was also voltage-testing equipment in the cabinet. He was found by a town police officer who was investigating a report of someone yelling for help. The electrician may have contacted a bus bar with his back. The electrician's shirt was burned off in the back, and his pants were burned off in the front. He was responsive and told the officer he had blown the feeder. The electrician was working alone. He died en route to the nearest medical facility of an electric shock of at least 7,620 volts.
caught_fatal	On September 15, 2008, Employee #1 was changing a blade on a large lawn mower. He was under the mower, when it rolled on his chest. Employee #1 was trapped under the cutting deck and could not breathe. He was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On March 25, 2010, an employee and a coworker were moving an aluminum ladder. The employee was electrocuted when the ladder came in contact with overhead power lines.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on March 20, 2016, an employee was working as a flagger on the west end of a road project.  The employee was struck by and killed by a vehicle driv en by an individual who was under the influence of illegal substances.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on October 26, 2016, three workers were working to hang Densi Glas s, a sheetrock type of material. Employees #1 and #2 were working from a scaffol d that was approximately eight feet high, and Employee #3 was handing them mater ial from below.  During work, the scaffold tipped over, landing on Employee #3 a nd causing Employee #1 and Employee #2 to fall. All three employees were hospita lized for non-life threatening injuries that consisted of a bruised knee, a conc ussion, and a fractured rib.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:20 a.m. on November 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working from a 10-foot A-frame stepladder and using tin snips to demolis h an approximately 19 inches by 9 inches by 25 feet long HVAC duct.  He was work ing alone and with no witnesses.  His foreman found the employee face down on th e ground with the ladder lying next to him.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of blunt force traumatic head inj uries.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on July 15, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in site grading in prepa ration for construction of a power line.  He was operating a soil compacting (ro ller) machine and not using the seatbelt.  As the employee rapidly turned the ma chine on an incline, the machine rolled over.  The employee was ejected and caug ht between the roll-over cage and the ground.  The employee required hospitaliza tion and treatment for injuries sustained.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 6, 2018, an employee was working for a temporary staffin g agency. He was using a hoisting apparatus to move a steel plate from a drill p ress. The steel plate was 0.91 meters (36 inches) long, 102 millimeters (4 inche s) wide, and 57 millimeters (2.25 inches) thick. It weighed 360 kilograms (800 p ounds). The hoisting apparatus was a hoist crane, supported by (or equipped with ) "shoes." The metal plate was not secured to the shoes. The steel plate slipped from the shoes. As it fell, it caught the employee between the plate and the wo rk table, crushing his leg. The employee sustained a fracture to his right leg b elow the knee and above the ankle. He was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:48 a.m. on May 28, 2019, an employee was operating a stand-up forklift when he went to step off the forklift his left foot got caught between a parked fork lift and the one he was operating. The employee suffered multiple fractures to h is left foot that required hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on July 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a demolition company, wa s demolishing a canopy over a loading dock, part of a multiemployer construction project.  He had excess rope hanging from his fall protection system.  The rope became caught in a skid loader, and the employee was pulled off the canopy.  He fell and struck the concrete floor.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l, admitted, and treated for a fractured pelvis and a shoulder injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was using a battery-operated SkilSaw circular saw at a commercial building const ruction site.  The sawblade came into contact with three fingers on the employee 's left hand, causing lacerations.  The employee received medical treatment for the lacerations but was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 7, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in re-roofing activity at a two-story multifamily structure.  After t earing off the old roof shingles, he was walking toward a ladder to exit the roo f when he slipped on debris and fell onto a ground-level bush, a fall height of approximately 18 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a suspected concussion, lacerations, and a fractured orbital soc ket.
electrocution_fatal	On December 28, 2004, Employee #1, a garbage truck driver, was assigned to collect a trash with a helper. He drove up into an alley on 3414 South Los Angeles, California and pushed away live wires dangling overhead. He was electrocuted and killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on September 14, 2016, employees erected a scaffold to install soff it and fascia.  The scaffold collapsed when both employees stood on one end. The wood scaffold was constructed at 20 feet above grade. It was not designed or co nstructed by a qualified person. Among other things, it was not properly support ed and the employees were not using any sort of fall protection.   One employee died as a result of the fall and it is believed that he landed on his head and h e died on his way to the hospital. The other employee broke his tail bone and hi p when he landed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on December 6, 2013, Employee #1, of Acoustic Evolution, Inc., was installing an entertainment system inside a residence. He was on the third step of a Little Gorilla metal articulating ladder set up in the 6-foot step ladder configuration. Employee #1 leaned his knees against the fourth step, leaned his left hand against an adjacent left wall, and began drilling a hole with the drill he held in his right hand. The ladder tipped over, and Employee #1 fell approximately 4 feet to the floor. Emergency services were called, and the Rancho Santa Fe Fire Department responded. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured right leg and fractured right ankle. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA's San Diego District Office by the employer at 4:40 p.m. on December 6, 2013. The Ranch Santa Fe Fire Department also notified Cal/OSHA. In its subsequent investigation, Cal/OSHA determined that the employer specialized in the design and installation of custom home audio and video systems. Contributing to his fall was that Employee #1 did not keep his body weight centered on the ladder.
caught_nonfatal	On May 16, 2017, an employee was using an industrial drill press to drill holes in fence posts. The posts were   wet, causing one of the posts to move during dr illing. As the post slipped, tone of the employee's hands slide under the drill bit. The employees glove got caught in the drill bit, pulling his hand up into t he rotating bit. The incident resulted in one of the employee's fingers being am putated. Further investigation attributed the incident to an inadequately guarde d drill press and lack of training.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on September 1, 2015, an employee was working from a n aluminum extension ladder removing satellite dishes from the exterior of a two story multi-unit residential building.  The employee had positioned the ladder so that it was resting on the energized electrical power service to the building .  During the course of the work the employee was shocked and fell from the ladd er, approximately 1.5 stories up, striking his head on the asphalt driveway and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 2, 2018, an employee was installing a 45 degree elbow in a pipe in a commercial building. Before the employee was able to complete the work , the pipe became pressurized and the pipe burst. A part of the pipe struck the employee in the leg, fracturing it. He was taken to the hospital for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 10, 2020, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were placing concret e blocks within the minimum approach distance of energized 100,000-volt overhead transmission lines with a Link Belt TCC 750 crane. While moving loads of blocks , the crane contacted the lines conducting electricity towards the employees. Th e two employees were hospitalized to treat electric shock injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in interior renovation work at a five-story commercial building.  H e was working from a baker scaffold and installing drywall when the scaffold shi fted and he fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was hospitalized and treated fo r a fractured right arm and contusions to his back.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on March 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plastering and masonr y construction company, was engaged in exterior masonry work at a multiemployer construction project, a one-story residential structure.  He was connecting a co ncrete pump to the tow hitch of the transporting vehicle when the pump rolled to ward him.  Employee #1 was struck by the pump and caught between the pump and th e transport vehicle.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was hospitalized and treated for strains to both legs ' thigh muscles, fascia, and tendons.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on June 9, 2013, an employee and a coworker were trying to access t he top floor to a building and needed to move the aerial lift basket.  The emplo yee was in the lift basket and the coworker swung the boom while it was extended approximately 90 degrees.  The employee was electrocuted when his head touched a 161,000 Volt power line that was overhead.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on April 22, 2009, Employee #1 was installing and adjusting metal studs in a hallway of a vault for installation of drywall. There was an 84-in. by 51-in. by 2-in. lead filled door leaning against the wall in a near vertical position. The approximate weight of the door was 3,510 pounds. The door was on the opposite wall of Employee #1 and the hallway was less than 6 ft wide. Employee #1 turned around to face the door when the door came down on his chest, pinning him between the door and the wall. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 8, 2018, Employee # 1 was putting stickers on stacks of dumpsters ready for shipping. A coworker, a forklift driver, was picking up a s tack, but the fork extended beyond the stack he was picking, and caught on an ad jacent stack.  The other stack toppled, hitting Employee # 1 who was placing sti ckers. Employee # 1 suffered a broken femur, broken ribs, and chest and face lac erations. He was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 3:41 p.m. on June 4, 2004, Employee #1 was installing a fuse on an energized, 480-volt, Zinsco Underwriter Laboratory, Inc., panelboard for parking lot lights at a K-Mart in Newark, CA. As he was working, the lines sparked, causing third-degree burns to both his hands and arms, and second-degree burns to his face.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on October 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in roofing work at a one-story commercial building.  He became entang led with the roofing material and fell from the roof to bushes, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fall-related injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 31, 2014, Employee #1 was standing on a s caffold installing sheetrock in an elevator shaft using a hand drill to screw th e sheetrock into the beams.  He had one foot on the scaffold platform and the ot her foot on a horizontal piece of wood between the vertical beams. The wood gave way and he fell approximately 14 feet, striking his head and was killed.
struck_fatal	On May 22, 2017, an employee was putting a collar on the newly installed sewer p ipe in an excavation. The side wall of the 9 foot deep, unprotected trench colla psed on him.  The employee was asphyxiated.
electrocution_nonfatal	 At approximately 12:15 p.m. on October 10, 2011 Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was performing electric work in an excavation at a Westfield mall. He was in communication via cell phone with a Westfield employee, who was deenergizing an exposed conductor. The Westfield employee had switched off the associated circuit breaker and remained in control of the circuit breaker panel. Employee #1 tested the conductor with a volt meter and found it to be deenergized. While stripping a wire to place a wire nut he sustained an electric shock. Employee #1 was hospitalized at UCLA medical center for treatment. Evidence indicated that the Westfield employee inadvertently reenergized the exposed conductor.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 20, 2018, an employee was unloading and moving materia ls onto a jobsite. At some point, two, six hundred pound wall panels fell over o nto the employee and caught the employee's foot between the panels and the groun d. The employee fractured both the foot and ankle.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 28, 2006, Employee #1, an electrician/service technician, was performing his daily duties servicing the meter panel and main breaker of an energized 277-volt junction box by disconnecting wires from a generator and hooking them up to the main electric supply. He was working with the onsite supervisor when he suffered an electric shock and fell 5 ft onto the carpeted floor. Employee #1 was transported to Simi Valley Hospital, where he was treated for approximately three months. Subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1 was not using insulated gloves, tools or barriers at the time of the accident. The employer was cited for an accident-related violation of T8CCR 2320.2.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on June 26, 2020, Employees #1, #2, #3, and #4, employed by a cons truction company in the fiber optic communications field, were engaged in an ins tallation of fiber optic lines.  They were on the sidewalk next to a public road when a vehicle driven by a drunk driver crossed the median, jumped the curb, an d struck the four employees.  Employee #1 was killed.  Employees #2, #3, and #4 was hospitalized for treatment of their injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:50 a.m. on May 10, 2008, Employee #1 was cutting a piece of 2 inch by 4 inch lumber using a portable saw (Rigid, Model R3210, 7.5 inch, 68PF, Listed tool BB0636 01687) to make 2-foot and 6-foot pieces. The employer is a concrete work contractor. The employer had total of 4 employees and was non-unionized. Employee #1 was holding the lumber with his left hand and holding the saw with his right hand. The lumber was set on the edge of a swimming pool. He had made about 20 cuts prior to the accident. As he was cutting the piece, his left hand was about 2 inches from the saw blade. The saw jumped, and the blade hit his left thumb and caused the amputation of his thumb and he was treated in the hospital for about 6 hours.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in framing work on the roof of a new two-story residential stru cture.  He was operating a Skilsaw SPT77WM(L) power saw to make a 20 degree rip cut in a roof joist.  The saw kicked back and the blade struck and amputated his thumb.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the thumb amputation.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on December 4, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by All On Electric & Solar Inc., were working to install solar panels on the roof of a residence. There was ice on the roof. They used a portable aluminum ladder to access the roof. According to Employee #1's statement during the subsequent Cal/OSHA investigation, he climbed up the ladder first, bringing with him some tools, while Coworker #1 held onto the ladder on grade. Employee #1 left the tools he brought with him in the rain gutter, where they were to begin installing the solar panels. Later Coworker #1 climbed the roof. Employee #1 warned him to be careful, because it was Coworker #1's first day on the job. Upon reaching the roof, Coworker #1 handed Employee #1 a bag of tools. Employee #1 proceeded back to the area where he previously had left the tools he had carried up. As he walked in that direction, he slipped on the icy roof. He fell approximately 12 feet onto another roof below and then an additional 12 feet to the grade below. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Eden Medical Hospital in Castro Valley, where he was admitted and treated. According to the employer's report to Cal/OSHA, Employee #1 sustained a facial injury and multiple fractures of the thoracic spine. No surgery was performed. On December 8, 2013, Employee #1 was prescribed medications and discharged from the hospital.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on February 1, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a heating and coolin g company, was working at a multifamily residential building.  He was on the six th floor and working on a 250-pound, 40-foot long pipe that was being lowered fr om the 9th floor to the 6th floor.  Employee #1 was lining the pipe in preparati on, to be welded to another pipe.  The pipe slipped down approximately 5 to 6 fe et, rolling over Employee #1's hand. The employee's hand was crushed between the pipe and the concrete floor.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on October 20, 2015, a worker was using a Moffett truck-mounted pow ered industrial truck (PIT) to unload palletized roofing supplies and materials from a flat-bed truck. After unloading three pallets of the roofing materials an d supplies, he returned to the delivery truck to retrieve another pallet.  With the PITs mast traversed completely forward, the worker began maneuvering with t he load. The PIT tipped forward, ejecting the worker from the operators seat, a nd came to rest with the load and the forks on the surface of the road.  The wor ker was thrown about 6 feet and struck the road and died as a result of the inju ries sustained. The incident investigation revealed that the worker was not wear ing a seat belt.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on May 30, 2018, an employee was working from a ladder cutting a wi re cable. The employee  fell from a height of approximately 10 feet, resulting i njuries to the head and ribs.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 27, 2003, Employee #1, a day laborer, was blocking and strapping for a plumbing job at a single family residence being remodeled. While the employer was away from the jobsite, Employee #1 used his portable electric hand saw and amputated his left ring finger below the second joint. The employer allegedly directed Employee #1 not to use the saw.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was part of a work crew working in a residential neighborhood and prepar ing to string wire from a utility pole that another crew had replaced.  Employee #1 was assigned to prep cable on the ground next to a bucket truck.  For an und etermined reason, he went up in the bucket without rubber gloves or other PPE an d without testing or grounding.  Employee #1 made contact with energized 4 kilov olt conductors.  Several coworkers ran to his aid, brought him down, and removed him from the bucket.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was trans ported to the hospital in critical condition.  He was admitted and treated for e lectrical burns to his left neck, left cheek, left hand and fingers; an electric al energy wound on his right hand that resulted in the loss of his index finger and partial loss of his thumb; and an exit wound on his right shoulder approxima tely 2 inches in diameter.
fall_fatal	At 4:30 a.m. on July 29, 2021, an employee was climbing down an extension ladder after securing a tarp as a coworker held the ladder for him. The ladder slipped on the sidewalk causing the employee to fall and hit his head on the concrete. The employee suffered blunt force injuries to his head an was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 21, 2022, a strap suspended from telehandler forks broke, c ausing a truss to strike a worker below. The worker was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 28, 2017, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a constr uction company, was engaged in framing work at a commercial building.  He used a n electric scissor lift to hoist himself to the pitched roof.  The wood decking onto which he stepped was wet from morning dew.  Employee #1 slipped and fell, a fall height of 13 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple traumatic injuries , including fractures to his shoulder bones, arms and hands, as well as facial a nd other injuries.
fall_fatal	At 3:48 p.m. on October 20, 2020, an employee and coworker were installing a new sign to the outside of a building. The employee had stepped or slipped from a j oist onto a ceiling plank that failed and caused the employee to fall approximat ely twenty-five feet through the ceiling. The employee was killed by blunt force trauma to the head and unspecified internal injuries received.
fall_fatal	At 10:22 a.m. on May 26, 2017, an employee was removing roof panels.  The employ ee fell through a roof opening, struck his head on a concrete floor and was kill ed.
caught_nonfatal	On October 4, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction comp any, were working at a pile driver.  Employee #1 was unhooking a rigging chain f rom the pile driver.  Coworker #1, the pile driver operator, raised the driver h ammer before the rigging chain was detached.  Employee #1's finger was pinched b etween the hook and the lifting plate, and the fingertip was amputated.  Employe e #1 received medical treatment for the partial finger amputation, but was not h ospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 23, 2018, an employee was guiding industrial brooms on to a trailer when he became caught between two machines.  The employee's chest a nd lower abdomen were crushed, resulting in his death.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 29, 2019, an employee had been performing a visual insp ection of a 480 volt measurement cabinet that had been installed and was later f ound dead by an electric shock.
struck_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on March 14, 2022, an employee was loading a snow machine onto a t ilt bed trailer. The snow machine rolled off the trailer and pinned the employee underneath, killing him.
caught_fatal	At 9:08 a.m. on May 30, 2014, an employee was engaged in masonry activities buil ding a block wall. The employees engaged in masonry activities removed the cross braces from a shored excavation.  At an undetermined time following the removal of the cross braces, the dirt wall collapsed causing one employee to be struck by the shoring material and a coworker to become trapped beneath the dirt and de bris. The employee was struck in the head by a collapsing excavation wall (dirt and wood shoring) thus killing the employee.
electrocution_fatal	A power line crew was working on a project to replace the copper conductors on a 7200-volt overhead power line with AWG No. 2 aluminum conductors. Three employees were on the crew: a power line worker, who was also the vice president of the power line construction firm, an equipment operator, and a ground worker. The power line worker was working from an aerial lift, tying in the new conductors. He was wearing leather gloves and not rubber insulating gloves, which were available on the site. He had tied in the neutral conductor and was tying in the phase conductor. With one hand on the new conductor, he turned and contacted the existing, energized copper phase conductor with his other hand. He received an electric shock and fell into the aerial lift bucket shortly after contacting the conductor. His coworkers lowered him to the ground. The ground worker left to get help and returned with another person. They pulled the injured employee out of the bucket and administered cardio-pulmonary resuscitation. The injured employee was transported to a hospital where he was pronounced dead. He died from acute respiratory failure due to electric shock.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on August 15, 2016, an employee was painting the top portion of a w ater tower.  The employee stepped into wet paint, slipped and fell 50 feet from the top of the water tower to the ground.  While falling, the employee may have contacted the towers scaffolding before striking the ground, causing internal i njuries to the heart and liver as well as several rib and sternal fractures, kil ling him on-site.  It was reported that the employee was wearing a full body har ness and double lanyard when they fell.
struck_nonfatal	On May 10, 2018, an employee was performing oil changes and other small tasks un der the hood of several vehicles when a coworker asked for some assistance with removing a tire from a vehicle.  As he tried to pull the tire out, the truck sli pped off of the lifts arm and the employee was struck on his left foot, disloca ting and fracturing it.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on April 3, 2004, Employee #1 and a coworker, of AZ Air Conditioning & Heating, Inc., were on the roof of a building installing an air conditioning unit. They were preparing the roof area, marking the position for the unit and cutting an approximately 3 in. diameter hole. A short time later, Employee #1 went over to the edge of the roof to talk to another coworker on the ground. The roof parapet sloped upward about 10 in. and Employee #1 leaned, in a prone position, over the metal flashing on the roof. His chest apparently touched the metal flashing while his left hand was apparently in contact with the casing of an electrical fluorescent store front sign located on unit #1, about 12 in. below the roof. Employee #1 was electrocuted. His coworker initiated CPR and told another coworker to call 911. Paramedics responded and continued CPR while transporting Employee #1 to Pacific Hospital in Sun Valley, CA, where additional life saving efforts were performed. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at 9:26 a.m. The cause of death was listed as "cardio/pulmonary arrest/electrical burn" from electrocution. Subsequent investigation revealed that the sign was not properly grounded and there was a failure in the ballast, which allowed the casing of the sign to be energized with 530-volt of current.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on March 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contractor, was working at a multiemployer construction project, the renovation of a four-s tory commercial building.  He was using a Makita 2414DB 120-volt 15a Chop Saw, S erial Number 099897, to cut plastic pipe.  Employee #1's left index finger was p artially amputated.  Employee #1 received medical treatment for the fingertip am putation.  He was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on February 26, 2014, Employee #1, a painter employed by Palisades Construction, Inc., was working at a residential building. He was working from an 8-foot ladder set up outside the building and caulking a beam located approximately 11.25 feet above the ground. As he stood on the step below the top cap, Employee #1 fell to the ground. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Cedar Sinai Medical Center, where he was admitted and treated for compound leg fractures. This workplace injury was investigated by Cal/OSHA. The investigation determined that Employee #1 had worked for the employer for approximately six years. His duties included, but were not limited to, painting. When interviewed, Employee #1 stated that the floor where the ladder was set up was not level.
caught_fatal	At 10:30 a.m on December 10, 2020, Employee #1 was located behind the Riweld Sea m Welder helping to make adjustments with Employee #2. Employee #2 activated the two hand control while Employee #1 had his upper torso between the two towers o f the Riweld Seam Welder. The left tower moved towards the right tower, and Empl oyee #1 was caught in between the two towers. Employee #1 was killed when the to wers caused a crushing injury to his head.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 p.m. on December 11, 2018, an employee was preparing to remove an old l ighting fixture and install a new one.  The employee was working alone.  The emp loyee erected an extension ladder on the stairwell landing, an adjustable ladder at the top of the stairs, and fully extended an 8-13 foot extendable work platf orm between the two.  The employee fell resulting in a fractured skull and was k illed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on January 29, 2009, Employee #1, of Budget Electrical Contractors Inc. dba BEC, was preparing to pull electrical feeder cables into the main electrical switchgear (General Electric Spectra Series Switchboard, 3,000 amp, 480 volt, 3 phase). He received first, second, and third degree burns to 90 percent of his body when the line short circuited. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as walking across the metal roof of an auto dealership.  The employee stepped th rough a skylight and fell to the concrete floor.  He was transported to the hosp ital, where he was admitted for treatment of fractures to both arms.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on September 13, 2017, an employee was loading a tarp to lift debri s off of the roof.  The load knocked over the warning line and the employee went to the roof edge to recover the stanchion.  The load struck the employee knocki ng him off of the roof.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 31, 2022, an employee was roofing on a residential building under construction when he fell through an unguarded opening in the roof. The employee fell approximately 25 feet and hit his head on the ground, causing his death.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on September 12, 2018, an employee was climbing a ladder that was p ositioned on top of a porch roof. The employee sustained a fractured femur when the ladder slipped and the employee fell to the ground.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multiemployer construction project for a new building.  He was dragging a hose from the work area when the hose snagged on some concrete. As Employee #1 attempted to free the hose, he fell and struck his face against e xposed rebar.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured jaw and leg contusi ons.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:25 p.m. on January 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was using a pneumatic nail gun to erect wood frames on the second floor of a m ultifamily residential building that was being constructed.  As he knelt down, t he tip of the nail gun made contact with his leg, and the pressure caused a nail to shoot out and puncture his leg.  Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the puncture wou nd.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on December 14, 2021, an employee was unloading propane tanks from a tractor trailer with a crane and was standing on top of the tanks when he los t his balance and fell approximately ten feet to the trailer. The employee was h ospitalized to treat a fractured neck.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on November 16, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in roofing activity at a commercial building.  He was walking across the roof when he tripped, lost balance, fell on his back, and slid off the roof, a fall height of 15 feet.  The employee sustained damage to internal artery str uctures in his neck and a fractured leg.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on March 2, 2018, an employee was removing a bushing from a fabrica ted drill bit and had tack welded a homemade lifting device to the drill's bushi ng.  The employee attempted to pull the bit out using an overhead crane and the weld failed.  The employee was struck in the head by either the lifting device o r a chain sling, fracturing his skull.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 15, 2018, Employee #1 was walking through a construction si te on a sand surface. He slipped, rolled his leg and ankle, and fell. The employ ee incurred a fractured leg in the fall and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 18, 2018, an employee was found on the ground unrespons ive.  A sternum rub was done and he became responsive and upright, and refused t o be checked out or to have medical treatment provided.  Employee clocked out an d was taken home. The employee was found at a separate location away from the wo rkplace approximately three hours later. The employee was taken to the hospital for medical treatment.  The death certificate recorded death was caused from Acu te Subdural Hematoma.
struck_fatal	On May 17, 2018, an employee was working on some sidewalk repair and was found b y coworkers on the ground.  The Chief Medical Examiner ruled the employee's deat h unknown and showed that the employee had suffered blunt head trauma, contusion s to his left chest area, and multiple rib fractures as well as a fractured left clavicle.
struck_fatal	At approximately at 8:00 a.m. on February 11, 2014, an employee was working for a firm that was installing new residential plumbing in Camarillo, CA. At the time of the incident, the employee and at least two coworkers were working inside a structure. The first coworker was handing plumbing parts to the employee. The employee was standing on the fourth rung of a ladder. The employee was passing these plumbing parts up to another coworker on the second floor. The employee fell, and the ladder fell too, landing on the employee. He sustained a skull fracture and traumatic brain injury. He was killed. The employer notified the Division of the incident at 4:55 p.m. on February 12, 2014. An investigation concluded that the employee lost his footing on the ladder and fell from the fourth rung.
electrocution_fatal	On October 5, 2009, Employee #1 was working as a welder. He had just finished welding support brackets to a blower cover. As he was exiting the area where he had been positioned, he came into contact with his welding rod and was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on October 24, 2015, two employees was removing and installing meta l roof sheets on a structural steel building. Employee #1 and a coworker were wo rking together on a roof removing 33 foot by 40 inch corrugated steel roofing sh eets and installing new sheets on a metal building erected on a farm which was 5 0 feet wide by 80 feet long which had been damaged by hail.  Employee #1 and a c oworker had removed a section of the roof and were in the process of moving it t o the peak of the roof, when Employee #1 stepped on the edge of the existing roo f causing it to flex.  The movement of the roof caused Employee #1 to lose his b alance and step into the opening created by the removal of the adjacent sheet. Employee #1 fell approximately 21 feet to the concrete surface and was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 9:45 am on June 4, 2015, an employee and a manager were unloadi ng slabs of quartz from an enclosed 20-foot shipping container. The quartz slabs were 108" x 55" and each weighed around 454 pounds. The slabs were packed verti cally with 10 slabs in a wood crate. The container contained 60 slabs of quartz that were shipped from China. The six crates were loaded into the shipping conta iner with three in the front and three in the back of the container and when you looked into the container two crates were on the right side and one on the left with a 26" gap between the crates. The manager and the employee had removed the ends and the side next to the opening of the middle crate to unload the quartz. The employee was pinned between the slabs and the crate on the left side. There were no witnesses to the incident. The manager was placing the first slab on th e storage rack with the forklift when he heard the victim screaming and he went back to the container and the victim was pinned between 5-6 slabs and another cr ate of quartz. The employee was crushed and died from injuries.
fall_fatal	At 12:10 p.m. on June 5, 2020, an employee was walking in a gutter on the roof o f a stadium. At some point, the employee fell one hundred and ten feet through a skylight. The employee was killed by unspecified injuries.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on September 2021, an employee was working near a sand hopper area when he fell into the hopper. The employee was engulfed by sand and suffocated, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 a.m. on May 26, 2022, an employee was tying an electrical line to a tra nsformer.  A 13,000-volt electric arc was produced, and the employee sustained a n electric shock.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on January 15, 2019, an employee was installing plywood sheathing o n a roof and fell approximately 17 feet.  The employee was hospitalized and died two days later.
struck_fatal	At approximately 5:15 a.m. on February 21, 2014, Employee #1 was operating a cargo MA Tug Technologies tow tractor (Model Identification RT-149, Serial Number 17978) at an international airport. He drove the cargo tow tractor from the storage area at an international terminal to a warehouse. Employee #1 lost control of the tug near a fire station on the airport. The cargo tug struck a 7.5 inch high curb, ejected him the tow tractor. Employee #1 was not wearing a seatbelt, as a portion of the seatbelt was missing from the tow tractor on the day of the accident. He was found pinned under a rear drive tire of the tow tractor and had sustained unspecified blunt force injuries. Evidence suggests that Employee #1 had died from a heart attack while driving the tractor tug.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:45 a.m. on September 4, 2015, an employee was on structural s teel.  He was waiting for a joist to be hoisted and placed so he could connect i t.  The crane operator was moving a bundle of decking.  The bundle of decking wa s inside the building 'footprint'.  The crane operator was going to move the dec king bundle out of the way to facilitate installation of bridging by another con nector in an aerial lift. The crane hit a truss to which the employee was tied o ff.  The truss fell and caused the employee to fall. The employee struck the gro und and may also have struck the girder that fell.  The employee suffered from m assive blunt trauma to the head and other body parts and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 7:15 a.m. on April 16, 2018, an employee was moving a 22-ton steel roll coil using an Northern 25-ton Overhead Traveling Crane, Serial #18287.  The employee was placing the rolled coil when the load shifted and caught the employee betwee n the coil on the crane and a second coil, crushing the employee.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 8:54 a.m. on March 26, 2007, Employee #1, an apprentice lineman, and Employee #2, a journeyman lineman, were installing a new 12KV power line for two transformers that supplied the power to buildings. The employer specializes in the transmission and distribution of electric power to customers. Employee #1 was operating an Altec truck mounted articulating boom bucket, Unit Number 27580, to elevate himself high enough to drill holes in a new utility pole. The new utility pole was located next to an existing utility pole, which had exposed 12 KV energized conductors overhead. Employee #1 used a 120VAC corded electric drill motor that was powered through a grounded extension cord hooked to the bucket truck outlet to drill the holes. After completing his work, Employee #1 began lowering the truck mounted articulating boom bucket. As he maneuvered the bucket to pass through the gap between the overhead 12 KV exposed energized conductors and communication cables below, he contacted one of the exposed energized conductor. He was electrocuted and died. Employee #2, who was leaning against the left rear part of the bucket truck, experienced an electric shock on his right elbow.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on March 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a provider of industrial energy services, was working on a transformer.  He was adjusting the transforme r's voltage when he sustained an electrical shock.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for an electrical shock that had entered at his shoulder and travelled out his back.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on January 6, 2015, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an ele ctrical contractor, were working at a multiemployer building construction projec t.   Employee #1 was assisting Coworker #1, an electrician.  They were engaged i n a wiring operation.  Employee #1 was coiling up an electrical extension core w hen a stack of drywall panels measuring 12 feet by 4 feet toppled over and struc k him.  His leg was pinned between the drywall and the floor.  Emergency service s were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured femur.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on December 3, 2016, an employee was removing shingles from a small porch roof. The employee fell from an 11 foot roof and was killed from trauma t o the body and head.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 1, 2007, Employee #1, an electrician, was feeding cable into an energized panel when the cable contacted a live phase, resulting in an arc flash. He sustained burns to his face and hands, for which he was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 10, 2022, an employee worked to remove old shingles and replace them on a roof. At some point, the employee walked over to a section of decking where the nails had been previously removed, a board gave way, and the e mployee fell approximately thirteen feet. The employee was hospitalized for five days to treat a hip fracture.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. an employee was installing asphalt roof shingles from an aluminum f rame extension ladder on a one-story single family residence. The employee was e lectrocuted when he came in contact with an overhead electric service line while installing asphalt roof shingles from an aluminum extension ladder.  According to coworkers working in the nearby area, they heard the employee yell and a few seconds later they saw the employee fall to ground.  According to coworker state ments, the ladder was found approximately two to three feet from the service lin e. The roof eave to ground distance was 14 feet and the residence roof was a 6:1 2 sloped roof.  At the time of the accident, the employee was the only employee working on the roof completing the final section.  The other workers were cleani ng up and picking up tools and materials. The employee was killed from his injur ies.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 21, 2017, an employee was using a platform scaffold to i nstall roof sheeting operations when he fell and fractured his hip. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:02 a.m. on February 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a demolition company , was working at a demolition project.  An unattached fire damper fell and struc k Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to his shoulder, his spine, and two ribs.
fall_fatal	At 11:20 a.m. on February 9, 2022, an employee climbed a ladder and at some poin t, fell from the ladder and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On December 10, 2007, Employee #1 was cutting either 1/4 in. masonry board or 1/4 in. plywood when apparently the electrical cord to his handheld circular saw became caught and abruptly stopped the forward movement of saw. The sudden stop caused his body to turn slightly into the saw and his left hand struck against the moving saw blade. He suffered partial amputation and bone loss to the middle finger on his left hand. There were no witnesses to the accident.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 18, 2017, an employee was stripping a temporary work pla tform over the elevator shaft on the 2nd floor. The temporary work platform coll apsed while the employee was on it. The employee did not have fall protection an d fell about 23 feet from 2nd floor to cellar level and died.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 9, 2015, an employee was walking in the closed driving lan e when the driver of a pile driving truck backed up and struck him.  The employe e was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on May 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at a three-story commercial building project.  He was using a hand-he ld Milwaukee power drill to mix concrete.  When the mixing pedal came loose, the employee reached in to tighten it without first turning off the tool.  The empl oyee's left glove became caught in the mixer and his left pinky finger was amput ated.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for th e finger amputation.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on May 15, 2018, Employee #1 was cutting limbs with a chainsaw, wor king from an extension ladder that was extended approximately 17 feet up into a tree. As he cut, a limb swung down and knocked him off of the ladder. The employ ee fell onto a non-energized electrical line, which had grown through the lowest fork of the tree, seven feet up the trunk from the ground. Employee #1 was foun d doubled over the electrical line, hanging in the lower fork of the tree, dead. He was killed after sustaining blunt force trauma to his head.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on September 14, 2016, employees erected a scaffold to install soff it and fascia.  The scaffold collapsed when both employees stood on one end. The wood scaffold was constructed at 20 feet above grade. It was not designed or co nstructed by a qualified person. Among other things, it was not properly support ed and the employees were not using any sort of fall protection.   One employee died as a result of the fall and it is believed that he landed on his head and h e died on his way to the hospital. The other employee broke his tail bone and hi p when he landed.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on June 18, 2019, an employee was slipping a chain underneath a boa t trailer when the prybar he was using to lift the trailer slipped and it pinche d his thumb between the table and the trailer. The employee suffered partial amp utation of the right thumb and was treated without hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 20, 2014, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in forming work along a road. He was operating a Skilsaw power saw to cut a 2 by 4 for the carpenters on the work project. Employee #1 was standing up and leaning forward, with his fingers placed under the section of wood as he operated the saw in a downward motion. The saw jammed and kicked back, and its blade struck Employee #1's left hand. Employee #1's left hand pinky finger and ring finger were amputated. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA on March 21, 2014. Cal/OSHA began its investigation on April 1, 2014. The investigation determined that Employee #1 was a laborer and full-time employee assigned to a variety of duties related to construction work.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on March 2, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a lumber company, were working in the lumber supply yard.  Coworker #1 was operating a f orklift to unload railroad ties from a semi trailer.  Employee #1 walked across the supply yard to assist his coworker.  Coworker #1 backed the forklift out of the laydown area and struck Employee #1.  The rear of the forklift crushed Emplo yee #1's right leg and ankle into the pavement.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated f or a fractured leg bone, a fractured and dislocated ankle, and a fractured heel. The subsequent investigation determined that the forklift's back up alarm was not functioning at the time of the event.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on July 1, 2015, Employee #1, a truck driver, was wor king in a construction area removing trees. He was preparing a load of logs for his truck. A coworker was operating a bulldozer nearby and moving logs through a section along a logging road on the construction site. While he was binding a l oad of logs, his truck rolled back. Employee #1 was struck and run over by the r ear wheels of the log truck's trailer, sustaining traumatic injuries that killed him.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on August 4, 2014, Employee #1 was welding on a tank bottom end from an unsecured man-basket on a forklift.  The forks were not inser ted into the sleeves on the platform nor were they secured by a chain.  The man- basket tipped and Employee #1 fell, striking his head on the concrete floor and died.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on June 23, 2017, an employee was using a forklift to free some bo xes that were stuck. The employee's coworker who was driving the forklift misjud ged the space between the employee and the forklift and struck the employee, fra cturing his left leg.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 25, 2018, an employee attempted to span a gap in floorin g with an eight foot long aluminum plank. While attempting to lay the plank, the employee lost his balance and fell approximately eight feet. The employee was t aken to a local hospital to treat injuries to the liver, kidney, adrenal glands and a fractured thumb.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 25, 2019, an employee was guiding first joint of a cas ing into the conductor casing located in the cellar when the centralizer slid do wn the pipe and caught his left ring finger.  The employee amputated his fingert ip and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on May 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete company, was w orking at a road repair project.  He was using a jointer with an extended handle to finish the paved concrete surface.  The tool's handle had been lengthened wi th the addition of four extensions, each 5 feet 5 inches long.  When Employee #1 raised the extended handle, it came into contact with the electro-magnetic fiel d surrounding overhead electrical power lines.  The handle conducted 1,400 volts of electricity down to Employee #1, who was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on March 2, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing construction c ontractor, was working at a commercial building site.  He was using stilts and e ngaged in interior carpentry work when he tripped and fell.  His left hand caugh t on metal studs and was lacerated.  The employee was transported to the hospita l, where he was admitted for treatment that required surgery to the injured hand .
electrocution_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on February 26, 2014, an employee was attempting to dismantle a pum p jack scaffold. While leaning the (45 foot) leg of the scaffold in order to tak e it down and relocate it, the aluminum leg touched a power line that was approx imately 16 feet away from the structure.  The employee was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 13, 2017, Employee #1, a maintenance carpenter, was assigne d to make name plate holders. The employee cut the first blocks 13.5 inches long by two inches wide by 1.25 inches high. Two curves needed to be carved into the bottom of the blocks, with the curves starting about two inches from the edges and 0.5 inches deep.  Employee #1 was using a jointer-planer machine, a Grizzly Industrial Inc. Model G0495X and Serial Number 80700020.  The employee decided t o make several passes to achieve the curve with the planer, so he set the cut de pth of the planer to about 0.0625 inches. The employee was holding the work piec e by the top with both hands facing forward, and his fingers were on the corners . As he fed the block into the planer, he had to lower it onto the cutter head t hen lift it off to create the curve.  The cutter head was operating at a speed o f 7,000 RPMs. While feeding the material into the cutter head, it kicked back, a nd his finger came in contact with the cutter head, causing a laceration to his left index finger. Employee #1 was hospitalized and surgery was performed, resul ting in the partial loss of his finger.
electrocution_fatal	On July 17, 2006, Employee #1 and a coworker-partner were replacing a cable on a boat hoist at a private residence. They were in the water, working with hand tools, when they both sustained electric shocks. The coworker managed to get out and then saw Employee #1 going under the surface. Thinking the situation was safe, the coworker went back in to help his partner, only to receive more shocks. Employee #1 was killed; the coworker sustained shock injuries, including damage to his heart. He also suffered from multiple infections, including in his lungs.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on November 22, 2019, an employee was delivering lime to a farm whe n the trailer made contact with overhead 7,200 volt powerlines and he was electr ocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on January 15, 2019, an employee was working for a firm that provid ed outsourced supply chain labor. He might have been operating a forklift. He wa s scanning a load, when the forklift's mast fell on his arm. He sustained a brok en arm. He was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 31, 2018, an employee was installing drip edge.  The emp loyee was going to come down and unhooked himself from his lanyard. He slipped a nd fell from the roof approximately 24 feet, resulting in a trauma to the head, neck and back.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:08 p.m. on July 27, 2006, Employees #1 through #6 were preparing to install a 1,300 ft long section of 36-in.-thick natural gas pipe when a 32.5-ft-high boom on a Caterpillar D8 came within about 6 in. of a 230-kilovolt power line. The six employees all received electric shocks and sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 28, 2019, an employee was testing an energized 480v AC equ ipment resulting in an electrical arc blast.  The employee suffered arc flash bu rns to the hands, fingers,  and left wrist and was hospitalized for these injuri es.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on June 17, 2017, an employee and coworkers were working from a pu mp scaffold to fill a column with concrete. The scaffold was not equipped with g uardrails, nor was fall protection used. As the employee was handling a two inch flex hose, delivering concrete to the column, the hose abruptly whipped. As a r esult, the employee fell approximately 20 feet to the ground and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:40 p.m. on July 24, 2018, an employee was framing a sheer wall. At some poi nt, the employee stepped onto a sheet of unmarked, unsecured plywood covering a floor opening. The employee fell eleven feet through the opening and received fr actures to three ribs and left should and a head laceration. The employee was ta ken to a local hospital for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 22, 2019, an employee was retrieving a scraper that was between the cab and trailer of a semi-tractor trailer and his coworker moved th e trailer forward, running over the employee, killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 15, 2021, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by a c ompany in the solar energy field, were preparing to install new solar panels on the roof of a single-story residence.  Employee #1, the crew leader, was directi ng the work and marking studs when he stepped back onto a canvas tarp that was h ung in the corner where the main house and an addition connected at 90 degrees. The tarp was hung to provide shade to an air conditioning unit that was on the ground immediately below the tarp.  Employee #1 fell through the tarp and struc k the air conditioner before impacting the ground.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to the collarbone and ri bs.  During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that the crew had no t performed an initial hazard assessment and had not used fall protection.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 10, 2018, an employee was making a turn and misjudged the distance between his right front tire and pipe that sticking out approximately 2 inches from the end of a pallet.  The employee's forklift ran over the end of the pipe, causing it to cantilever up and strike him in the head.  The employee fractured his skull and sustained a scalp laceration.  The employee was hospital ized.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 21, 2021, an employee was standing on a crane mat that w as on a skid-steer. The mat slid causing the employee to slip and fall to the gr ound. The mat then fell on top of the employee causing fractures and blunt force trauma.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on April 23, 2018, an employee was hosing down and cleaning a conc rete pump truck hopper and fell inside while the agitators were spinning.  The e mployee was crushed by the rotating agitator and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:35 a.m. on November 23, 2021, Employee #1 was moving an 8 foot by 4 foot sh eet of plywood to a work vehicle. The employee lost his balance, fell backward, and hit his head. The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted to t reat bleeding from his ear, brain swelling, memory loss, and a loss of conscious ness.
struck_fatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on July 18, 2016, Employee #1 was operating a cut of f saw cutting a 4  inch non-ferrous ceramic drain pipe. The cut off saw kicked b ack and the blade struck him in his neck.  Employee #1 died of a sever laceratio n to his neck causing massive blood loss.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on December 30, 2018, an employee had just come off break and was o perating an electric Crown Model #PE4500-60 Pallet Jack. As the employee was dri ving down a warehouse aisle and attempted to stop, he lost control and struck a rack. He suffered an open fracture to his right leg and a puncture wound to his left leg and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on June 18, 2019, an employee was slipping a chain underneath a boa t trailer when the prybar he was using to lift the trailer slipped and it pinche d his thumb between the table and the trailer. The employee suffered partial amp utation of the right thumb and was treated without hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 31, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a concre te company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a commercial b uilding.  They were dismantling a two-level rolling scaffold so it would clear u nder the ceiling and they could move it to the opposite side of the floor and re sume their work.  With the scaffold's wheel locks engaged, they removed the top railings and began to descend the scaffold's built-in access ladder.  Employee # 1, thinking he had reached ground level, reached out with his foot, missed a lad der rung, and fell, a fall height of approximately 20 to 24 inches.  He hit his head on the pavement, and the hard hat he was wearing absorbed the impact.  Emer gency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He underwent various medical tests for head injury, and all were negative.  Employ ee #1 was treated for head pain and discharged.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on September 18, 2015, an employee was working for a commercial pla yground contractor. He was operating a batch mixer. He was mixing a batch of rub ber compound to use as a playground base. He was positioned above and near an ar m of the mixer. As he was dumping the mixture, he lost control of the arm. The a rm struck him in the neck, and he sustained a fracture. He was hospitalized, and he later died.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:10 a.m. on October 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was engaged in painting activity at a multiemployer construction project, a comm ercial building.  He was driving a scissor lift with the platform extended when the lift tipped over.  The employee fell, a fall height of 19 feet.  He was tran sported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple fractured ribs and v ertebrae.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on September 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a job site. He was operating a Skilsaw circular saw to cut w ood.  The saw's blade came into contact with his finger, and the blade amputated his fingertip.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:35 p.m. on February 26, 2018, Employee #1 was drilling a hole on a metal "C " channel with a portable magnetic drill press. The employee was holding onto th e end of the drill's safety tie-down strap when it became entangled in the drill bit and shaft. Employee #1 suffered a partial amputation of his left index fing er and was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:05 a.m. on March 24, 2021, an employee extended a hydraulic auger boom from the rear of an auger feed truck in preparation to deliver livestock feed into t he top of a 20 foot high silo. The auger boom contacted 7,200 volt power lines l ocated near the silo, electrocuting the employee and killing him.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on February 8, 2019, an employee was unloading drilling fluid mater ials when he was stuck by a forklift that was backing up. The employee was kille d as a result.
fall_fatal	At 8:15 a.m. on October 15, 2016, an employee was installing roof felt. The empl oyee slipped on the felt paper and fell onto the asphalt pavement. The employee sustained severe head trauma and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 20, 2017, an employee and a coworker arrived at a reside ntial construction site where they were instructed to apply hay/straw by way of a Finn Corporation Straw Blower (model number: B-70) to promote the stabilizatio n of the graded terrain. This machine, capable of blowing straw at distances in excess of 60 feet in all directions and weighing 2,360 pounds, was positioned on a trailer that was being towed by a Ford F-250 pickup truck. The coworker opera ted the pickup truck, while the employee was responsible for operating the straw blower.  The truck was parked at the bottom of the hill, blocking the entrance to the construction site, as well as the driveway to another residence.  Before the employee and the coworker started applying the straw, the owner of the resid ence, whose driveway was being blocked by the work vehicle, asked that they move so that he could go to work.  While the employee was standing on the bed of the pickup truck, the coworker accessed the cab, put the truck in drive, and travel ed approximately 25 yards up a hill towards the construction area.  The employee fell from the bed of the truck a distance of 2.6 feet to the gravel road, susta ining two fractured ribs, as well as bruising, scrapes, and lacerations to his b ack.  The employee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injuries. The incident investigation revealed that the coworker was unaware that the employee was standing on the bed of the truck during movement. This was attributed mainl y to the bed of the truck being filled with approximately 20 bales of straw, hid ing the employee from view of the coworker.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 26, 2018, an employee was using a grinder to grind a section of stone grouting. At some point, the grinder blade kicked back and stru ck the employee on the lower lip and chin, lacerating both.
caught_fatal	At 5:15 p.m. on August 19, 2021, an employee was  changing the tires on a 1996 C hariot Eagle Park Model Trailer preparing it for transportation to a different s ite. The trailer was lifted up on two 20-ton pneumatic jacks. One of the jacks s lipped off the frame and the trailer fell on the employee. The employee was kill ed due to crushing injuries to his head.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 21, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roa d and bridge construction company, were working together to remove wood diaphrag ms from underneath an overpass.  Employee #1 was working from the personnel bask et of a JLG Sky Power 800s Telescopic Boom Lift, Serial Number 10584040, and rem oving the wood pieces.  The coworker was operating the controls of the boom lift .  The personnel basket became lodged on an outer concrete bridge beam.  The cow orker began moving the controls in an effort to free the basket.  When the baske t was free from the obstacle, the stored energy in the boom caused the basket to catapult Employee #1 into the air.  He struck the bridge decking, then fell bac k into the basket, striking his head against the grab bar.  Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured skul l.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 18, 2019, two employees were working on a construction pro ject that was to become an egg hatchery facility and were setting up to perform work at elevation from a Genie GS-4047 Scissors lift.  Both employees were throw n from the basket and fell.  Employee #1 hit one of the cross beams during his f all before landing on the base unit of the scissor lift.  Employee #2 was caught and pinned between the falling basket and a horizontal structural beam 15 feet above the ground.  Employee #1 was killed and Employee #2 sustained a fractured clavicle, laceration to the left side of his skull and left forearm, and severe bruising to the abdomen.
electrocution_fatal	On April 25, 2008, Employee #1, a driver for a trucking company, was delivering a load of gravel to a site near the corner of Highway 80 and Chatfield Road. When he pulled onsite, he decided to dump his load underneath a power line. As his trailer lifted into the air, it was apparently entangled in the power lines. Employee #1 was killed from an electric shock.
electrocution_nonfatal	On December 2, 2005, Employee #1 and his foreman were installing a 1 ft overhang on the north gable end truss of a 30 ft by 48 ft garage. They were using a Lull all-terrain forklift with a wooden box on the forks to access the gable end. The garage was about 6 ft from an energized overhead 7,200-volt primary electric distribution line that was neither guarded nor otherwise protected from contact. The foreman raised Employee #1 in the wooden box to within 1 ft of the power line. As he was working, Employee #1's left shoulder contacted the overhead line; the current exited his left arm near his hand. He suffered second- and third-degree burns, for which he was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 4:18 p.m. on September 24, 2019, an employee was working from a ten foot A-fr ame ladder to install three foot Aluminum Jacketing insulation on a chilled wate r pipe. The employee fell off of the ladder and received several rib fractures a long with multiple internal injuries from blunt force trauma that killed him.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construc tion company, was clearing debris from a work area during construction of a mult i-level parking garage, a multi-employer project.  He fell through an unprotecte d floor opening, a fall height of 15 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured collarbone, leg injuries that re quired stitches, and a head injury that required stapling.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 9:15 p.m. on August 7, 2017, an employee was checking air brake s on a trailer.  The tractor trailer backed into the employee. The employee suff ered fractured ribs and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	The worksite is a warehouse food distribution center where employees perform ord er selector activities by utilizing powered industrial trucks (PITs), specifical ly an electric pallet jack rider. At 6:50 p.m. on February 27, 2022, Employee #1 , an order selector, was preparing to finish his work shift by parking the PIT i n the charging area where PIT's are stored. Employee #1 was operating a Crown PE 4500-80 electric pallet jack rider and was approaching the charging area to park the PIT for end of shift. A contributing factor to the accident involved Employ ee #1 trying to step off the PIT before it coasted to a complete stop, resulting in a broken ankle. The employee was hospitalized.  No accident-related citation s to be issued, but other citations to follow.
struck_fatal	On October 8, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a residential construction company, was engaged in roofing activities for a new residence.  He was installing radia nt barrier sheeting to the roof when he fell, a fall height of  approximately 9. 7 feet.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic head injuries and was kille d.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:44 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was attempting to work on a light switch electrical box that was blocked by twenty sheets of four foot by twelve foot drywall. The employee started to move the sheets of drywall to access the l ight switch electrical box when the sheets fell onto the employee and fractured his leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on March 2, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a lumber company, were working in the lumber supply yard.  Coworker #1 was operating a f orklift to unload railroad ties from a semi trailer.  Employee #1 walked across the supply yard to assist his coworker.  Coworker #1 backed the forklift out of the laydown area and struck Employee #1.  The rear of the forklift crushed Emplo yee #1's right leg and ankle into the pavement.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated f or a fractured leg bone, a fractured and dislocated ankle, and a fractured heel. The subsequent investigation determined that the forklift's back up alarm was not functioning at the time of the event.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on January 5, 2017, Employee #1 was removing rocks a nd cleaning out the bed of a dump truck. He saw a rock stuck between the hinged dump bed and body of the dump truck. He tried to free the rock when the tip of o ne of his fingers was crushed by the falling rock. Employee #1 was transported t o a medical center, where he received treatment, including the amputation of the injured fingertip. He was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:34 p.m. on April 22, 2019,  an employee was pulling the hoist cable of a So ilmec SR-30 Hydraulic Rotary Rig, with a pair of shakeout hook spreaders attache d to the weight ball hook, to hook up a large metal pipe sleeve. The employee wa s killed when he pulled the hoist cable into a 13kV overhead high voltage power line and was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	Employee #1 was unloading four metal aircraft pallets from a box trailer. The pallets had been secured together vertically to the wall of the trailer with a ratchet strap. Employee #1 was alone in the trailer and preparing the pallets to be unloaded by a forklift. The pallets fell and pinned Employee #1 against the wall of the trailer. The nature of the injuries was not specified in the original narrative.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:05 p.m. on February 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a building construction site.  He was guiding a 10-foot steel plate being moved by a crane.  Employee #1 was struck by the steel plate, and hi s leg was caught between the plate and the ground.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for a crushed leg.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on April 16, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer road construction project.  He unfastened chains from a grader machine in preparation for unloading the grader from a trailer. The grader began to roll backward on the trailer toward the trailer's hydraulic receiver hitch.  Employee #1 was caught between the grader and the trailer hitch .  He sustained crushing injuries and was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on May 29, 2021, an employee a truck driver and maint enance worker for a freight trucking company, was working by himself on the day of the accident. The employee drove the pick-up truck to a truck stop area and t here were no witnesses, but the employer representatives stated that he went the re to put in the registration papers for the trailer inside an outside compartme nt bin located on the drive end of the 53-foot trailer. After the employee exite d the pick-up truck, with the truck engine still running, he walked to the front of the vehicle and stood in front of the parked trailer. For an unknown reason, the truck moved forward, pinning the employee against the trailer. The accident was not known until the gas station attendant saw the employee was pinned. Emer gency medical services were called, and the employee was pronounced dead at the scene.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 p.m. on December 1, 2018, an employee was putting away some product from the platform when he was struck by an Order Picker.  The employee fell 16 feet and sustained multiple fractures when he struck the concrete floor.  The employe e was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 5:09 p.m. on March 30, 2021, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a company engaged in construction traffic control, were installing a traffic co ntrol sign.  Employee #1 was standing on the road between two stopped trucks, on e driven by Coworker #1 and the other driven by Coworker #2.  Coworker #1's foot slipped off the truck's brake pedal and onto the accelerator pedal, which cause d the truck he was operating to move forward.  The truck struck Employee #1, who was pinned between the two trucks.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic crushing injuries.  Emergency medical services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 28, 2017, Employee #1, a foreman employed by a construction company, was engaged in demolition work at a three-story commercial building. He was standing on a 5-foot mobile scaffold and operating a reciprocating saw to cut horizontal duct work.  As he cut through the duct work, which was not secur ed, the duct work swung and struck Employee #1's head and face and the scaffold. Employee #1 fell to the concrete floor, a fall height of 5 feet, and sustained additional head trauma.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He died at the hospital on July 16, 2017.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 22, 2012, an employee was moving a 36 foot aluminum e xtension ladder in a grassy area. As the employee lifted the ladder, the tall gr ass caught the base of ladder, while simultaneously a gust of wind tipped the la dder into a high-voltage power line. The employee was electrocuted as a result.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on November 19, 2021, an employee worked on a roof removing existin g metal decking. While working, the employee fell approximately twenty-three fee t through a section of roof decking, fractured his skull, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At about 1:56 p.m. on June 6, 2009, Employee #1, a maintenance mechanic, was cleaning his work area after installing a new motor in a machine at a facility which manufactured and bottled fruit juice. Employee #1 placed his tools (hammer and wrench) on top of the motor's empty crating box which weighed about 40 lbs. The wrench fell through the slats of the box down to the floor. Using the hammer, he retrieved the wrench by kneeling down with the left arm supporting the box. The box slipped and fell, pinching his right index finger between the hammer and the crate. The edge of the hammer cut the tip of his index finger. He notified his supervisor who took him to a clinic for treatment of the finger tip amputation. Employee #1 was released the same day
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 2:15 p.m. on August 15, 2019, an employee was walking backward laying out an extension cord. The employee fell through a skylight and sustained internal injuries.  The employee was hospitalized for these injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was removing a temporary electrical power wire from a facility's power r oom.  An arc flash occurred, and Employee #1 was burned.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for first and fourth degree burns to his stomach, chest, neck, face, arm s, and hands.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:58 p.m. on December 12, 2106, Employee #1 was picking up tools and equipmen t from the work-site after a day of installing sheathing and face board on the n ew construction residential home.   Employee #1 uncovered a basement opening in the garage and climbed down an extension ladder into the basement to check on a generator that was placed in the basement. Employee #1 was overcome from carbon monoxide and fell face down on the floor. Employee #2 could not locate the emplo yee on the work-site, so he entered the basement looking for the employee. Emplo yee #2 dragged Employee #1 to the ladder and ascended the ladder to phone for em ergency services.  Employee #2 re-entered the basement to check the employee's b reathing and was overcome by carbon monoxide also.  Both individuals were found unresponsive by emergency personnel that arrived at the work-site.  Employee #2 recovered from the incident and Employee #1 died as a result.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on February 18, 2022, an employee stood on a truss while working. At some point, the truss he stood on broke, and the employee fell. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat a leg (femur) fracture.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on October 31, 2018, an employee was making dado cuts using a Delta Rockwell Table Saw while building frames for signage.  The employee was pushing a 20 inch 2x4 through the dado blades to test the depth of the cut and the blad e struck a knot in the wood, pushing the wood back into the employee's stomach. The employee bent forward and both hands struck the saw blade, amputating his l eft thumb and severely lacerating his right hand's palm.  The employee was hospi talized.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 28, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a heating and air cond itioning company, was lifting a heat exchanger using a pulley system.  The heat exchanger swung, struck the employee in the chest and head, and crushed him agai nst a nearby wall.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 22, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contractor, w as using a lathe machine and a 3-foot emery cloth to polish a 3-inch diameter pi ece of stainless steel pipe.  He was using both hands to grab the cloth and move it from side to side.  The piece of pipe caught the emery cloth, and the stock grabbed his left arm and pulled his shirt.  Employee #1 sustained multiple fract ures to his forearm and was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a metal fabrication and c onstruction company, was working at a heavy construction project.  He was removi ng the supports that were holding up an auger.  When a support was cut, the auge r fell and struck the employee's head.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal, admitted, and treated for a head laceration.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on December 21, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a commercial constr uction company, was using a winch to lower and install a chain into one of the f our columns of an automated parking system lift.  His right hand middle finger b ecame caught between the chain and the top of the column and was amputated.   Th e employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the amp utation.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on January 7, 2013, Employee #1, a welder, was drilling holes on the deck of a trailer. The employee was using a hole maker portable magnetic base drill machine. The drill machine was magnetically attached to the trailer and Employee #1 lowered the bit with his right hand on a lever. Employee #1 placed his left hand too close to the drill bit as it was rotating and his glove became entangled in the rotating drill bit of a drilling machine. The employee's fifth finger was amputated and damage to tendons in his fourth finger. Employee #1 was transported to an area hospital, where he was treated for his injuries. The employee remains hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 8:00 p.m. on January 28, 2009, Employee #1, with Maritech Trucking, Inc., was working in the Chassis Area of SSA Terminals. He was using a crank to raise his truck tractor (Maritech Trucking, Inc., DOT #1805861) to connect a chassis. Another worker was operating a forklift (Taylor T300, Model Number T-300M, Serial Number S-BF-30902) to maneuver chassis units into position. Employee #1 became caught between the chassis he was connecting and one being maneuvered by the forklift operator. Employee #1 was crushed and killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on November 8, 2016, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were stringing a new fiber-optic cable.  Employee #1 was working from the bucket whe n a high tension guy wire to nearby utility pole fell and come into contact with a 12kV distribution line as well as the bucket truck, energizing the trucks fr ame.  Employee #1 fell out of the bucket and landed on the ground.  Employee #2 went to help Employee #1 and was electrocuted when he came into contact with the trucks energized frame.  Employee #1 was transported to an emergency hospital where both of his arms were amputated.  Employee #2 was pronounced dead at the s cene.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:30 a.m., on May 15, 2012, Employee #1 was assigned to replace ballast (GE, Ultra Start T8, Part Serial Number GE432-MVPS-L, Product Code Number 71832, Input: 120- 277 Volts, 50/60 Hz). The employee was engaged in removing and installing electrical ballast in a commercial building. Employee #1 was on a 6 ft. ladder and came in contact with the energized ballast causing him to receive an electrical shock. The employee fell from the 6 ft. ladder. Employee #1 was transported to Los Robles Hospital, where he was treated for Head injuries, electrocution with cardiac arrest, and trauma. The employee was hospitalized for seventeen days.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on February 17, 2017, an employee fell from a second story window, sustaining a broken pelvis. The employee was hospitalized for treatment of his j ury. Further investigation as to the cause of the incident revealed that a guard rail blocking the opening of the window the employee fell from had failed.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 10, 2020, an employee was working from a scissor lift torch cutting welds when a three-thousand pound concrete panel fell onto the em ployee. The panel caused a skull fracture and multiple, unspecified body injurie s that killed the employee.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on October 22, 2019, an employee was standing behind a dump truck w hen he was struck by a Mack truck that was being driven by a coworker.  The empl oyee was crushed and killed.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on June 16, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker were ass embling a baker scaffold. The baker scaffold's attachments were not fully locked . He placed in a metal stud for the side attachment, but the rail dropped. Emplo yee #1, a coworker and the rail fell to the ground. Employee #1 suffered a fract ured left ankle in two places. The coworker was not injured. Employee #1 was tra nsported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitali zed
fall_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on September 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multiemployer jobsite, a regional medical center.  He was w orking from a scaffold's work platform and dismantling the scaffold when he step ped backward and fell.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture to his righ t ankle.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a drywall company, was engaged in renovation work on the second floor of a four-story commercial build ing.  In preparation for framing a wall, he was attempting to cover with plywood a floor hole measuring approximately 5 feet by 5 feet.  Employee #1 fell throug h the hole and struck a first floor wooden guardrail, a fall height of approxima tely 16 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including a brain hemorrhage, fractures to his face, ribs, and hip, and injury to his spleen .
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 7, 2021, an employee performed flagging operations in a tem porary traffic control zone. The vehicle operator struck and killed the employee by blunt force trauma as the vehicle traveled through the zone at approximately fifty-five miles per hour.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 2, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as erecting the framework for a gazebo.  As he walked along a beam without fall protection, he lost balance and fell, a fall height of approximately 11 feet.  A s he fell, his leg became entangled in a stepladder, causing him to cartwheel. Employee #1 landed head first on the concrete surface and sustained a traumatic subdural hemorrhage.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	On January 25, 2011, Employee #1 was operating a JLG Aerial Lift, and he came in contact with a steel I-beam. He was crushed in the lower chest area and died from his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 19, 2017, an employee was inside one of the holes the c rew had dugout to start lifting the house foundation with the mortars. While pla cing the mortars it appears the employee got shocked with the wiring of the hydr aulic machine that lifts the house. The employee was killed from electrical shoc k that lead to a possible cardiac arrest.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on April 27, 2018, an employee was masking or taping a ceiling beam while on a 6 foot stepladder.  The employee fell from the ladder and struck his head on the ground.  The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:45 p.m. on October 6, 2009, Employee #1 was working for the Staff Checks temporary agency. He was operating a forklift inside a warehouse used and managed by Alta Dena Dairy, in City of Industry, California. The dairy employed about 320 employees, including six employees from a temporary agency. Employee #1 had been at the dairy for a few months. He was driving a Raymond Model Number EASI-DR25TT forklift inside the warehouse, when he fainted while turning a corner. His left foot got stuck between a pallet and the forklift, and he fell to the floor, sustaining a head injury. Even though his foot was stuck between a pallet and the forklift, he sustained no fractures. No one witnessed the actual accident, but another warehouse employee saw him lying on the floor a few minutes after the accident. He was transported to Queen of the Valley Hospital by paramedics who responded to the scene of accident. He was hospitalized. The Raymond industrial truck involved in this accident was inspected with another employee during an investigation and found to be working all right.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on February 8, 2017, Employee #1 moved upward, approximately, 50 fe et from the ground, on a JLG 800S Boom Lift, removing formwork from an elevated structure. The elevated structure was being constructed above the Metro-Mover sy stem. , in Miami-Dade County, and at this time, An automated train [no operator required] hit the Boom Lift, and catapulted Employee #1, (30 feet) to the ground .  Employee #1 sustained multiple, severe fractures and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on April 18, 2018, an employee was setting up a cut off saw and his jacket sleeve was pulled into the rotating saw blade.  The employee almost seve red his hand at the wrist and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on June 22, 2015, Employee #1 was standing in a boat drilling holes with a power drill to install anchor plates into the walls of a b ridge structure. He was tied off using a retractable. The boat was tied off at t he bow to the bridge railing and the stern was being held on to by a coworker. The current caused the boat to capsize and Employee #1 fell into the river and d rowned.
caught_fatal	At approximately 7:42 a.m. on May 30, 2009, an employee had just dumped a load of loam and had pulled the truck over approximately 100 yards away. It was unsure why he was working or checking on the frame of the dump truck. The bed came down and crushed the employee. The employee was pinned between the frame and bed of the truck. The employee was transferred to RI Hospital via Life Star helicopter. The employee passed away on June 4, 2009.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:05 a.m. on January 28, 2020, an employee worked to rig a structural wooden support beam to prepare it for installation next to an exterior, wood framed pa nel wall. While coworkers attempted to lower another wall into place, the exteri or, wood framed panel wall fell onto the employee, who received unspecified crus hing injuries. The employee was hospitalized for approximately fifteen days to t reat the injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 29, 2022, Employee #1 was wearing a body belt with a rop e grab attached. The employee was adjusting the slack on the body belt rope grab when he took a step and lost his footing. The rope was not secure and came out of the rope grab allowing the employee to fall 14 feet to the ground below. Empl oyee #1 was hospitalized to treat skull and thoracic vertebra fractures, a left pulmonary contusion, facial bone fractures, and multiple rib fractures.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 22, 2020, an employee was standing on a ladder attempti ng to attach a 12 foot by 10 foot piece of sheet metal to a crane hoist when the piece fell and knocked the employee off the ladder. The employee fell to the co ncrete floor and suffered fractured ribs, a lacerated kidney, and internal bleed ing for which he was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 28, 2021, an employee was standing in the back of the trailer, while a coworker was backing the trailer up to the dock. The employee l eaned his head out to get the coworker's attention, when his head was crushed be tween the trailer and the loading dock. The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	Three employees of a sub-contractor were working on reinsulating the #4 generator. It was placed out of service when a technician, out of the testing group from the host contractor, placed a 10,000-volt charge through the generator system before the sub-contractors employees could exit out as instructed by the employer, electrocuting the three employees. The three employees were treated and released from the hospital on the same day. The generator had been locked out and tagged out by all of the employees working on it and the two employees from the testing group were not signees on the lock-out tagout procedures implemented.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on December 14, 2018, an employee was cutting a piece of metal fla t bar with a horizontal band saw and amputated a finger when it struck against t he saw blade.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:44 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was attempting to work on a light switch electrical box that was blocked by twenty sheets of four foot by twelve foot drywall. The employee started to move the sheets of drywall to access the l ight switch electrical box when the sheets fell onto the employee and fractured his leg.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 30, 2014, Employee #1 was working alone l aying bricks from a tubular welded frame scaffold.  He fell from the scaffold, a pproximately 27 feet, and died.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 p.m. on February 27, 2017, an employee was walking in a parking lot to l ocate an empty trailer when he was struck by a truck. The employee was pinned be tween the truck and a trailer, sustaining fractures to his chest and face. He wa s hospitalized and received treatment for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 1:15 a.m. on October 28, 2021, an employee installed a soffit to the eave of a residential house. While descending the ladder, the employee and ladder fell a pproximately twelve feet. The employee received a head injury and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on November 30, 2017, an employee was working for a machine shop. H e was using an electric hoist on a jib crane to move a piece of sheet metal onto a plasma table. The sheet metal was 1.5 meters by 3.0 meters across and 13 mill imeters thick (5 feet by 10 feet across and 0.5 inches thick). He attached a pla te clamp to the side of the sheet metal. The plate clamp was connected to an ove rhead electric hoist installed on a jib crane. He attached the clamp to the side of the piece of metal that was away from the plasma table. He tightened the cla mp manually. The employee lifted the clamp and sheet metal far enough up to clea r the top of the table. He moved the bottom of the piece to the table's edge and then positioned the metal flat on the table. The employee had to make adjustmen ts to the metal's position and stood up on the table. After he had made the last adjustment, the employee went to get off the table. The sheet metal fell from t he clamp. It struck the back of the employee's legs as it fell to the table. He sustained fractured bones in his right leg. He was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on March 2, 2005, Employee #1 and several coworkers were working at a construction site in Paramount, CA. While Employee #1 was located in the basket of an aerial lift, directing a hose that was dispensing wet concrete from a concrete truck, one coworker operated the truck's dispensing controls, as well as another coworker operating the boom of the truck. As Employee #1 was dispensing the concrete, the boom contacted an energized overhead power line measuring 12-kilovolts. The current passed through the boom to the boom hose with Employee #1 receiving an electrical shock. Emergency Services was contacted and coworkers immediately began CPR. Employee #1 was taken to Lakewood Regional Medical Center, where he was hospitalized and treated for electrical shock symptoms. The accident investigation revealed that the employer was present during the concrete pumper's arrival, setup, and initial operation, as well as when the boom touched the power lines. The employer was cited for a serious violation under T8CCR 2946(b)(2).
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in wall renovation work at a multiemployer construction project, a one-story commercial building.  He was working from a 6-foot tall baker scaff old when he inadvertently stepped off the scaffold and fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including a concussi on and head contusion, fractured ribs, and fractured neck.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 30, 2018, an employee was dumping mulch from a dump truck and left the truck bed elevated.  The truck struck and pulled down several over head power lines and the employee attempted to manually remove the energized lin es with the use of a wooden hammer handle.  The employee came into contact with an energized conductor and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on April 29, 2014, a truck driver arrived at a warehouse with a ful l trailer. The employee then was to drive an empty trailer back to the originati ng location. The employee was instructed to sweep up the trailer, which was loca ted on the south east side at dock #45, remove items or equipment inside the tra iler, and place them inside the perishable side of the warehouse. The employee o pened the warehouse rolling door of dock # 45 and stepped into the pit to open t he trailer door. The dock leveler, also called the ramp, was a Kelly model HV6 15. This style of ramp is stored in a vertical position unlike traditional ramps stored in a horizontal position. The victim stepped out of the pit to lower the ramp onto the trailer by pulling a chain. Once the chain is pulled the hydrauli cs are activated and released and lower the ramp onto the trailer. The ramp did not lower due to the support leg holding it in the vertical position. The employ ee stepped inside the pit which was approximately 6 ft by 8 ft by 10 ft and rais ed the support leg. The ramp lowered onto the employee's chest. The employee wa s found unresponsive by a coworker approximately one hour later. The employee su stained compressional asphyxia and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 19, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contr actor, was working at a multiemployer project, the renovation of an office build ing.  He was taking measurements to determine the amount of wire needed to run w ire into an electrical panel.  When the employee attempted to replace the cover for the upper section of the panel, the cover did not seat properly.  The cover fell into the panel and struck energized equipment inside.  An arc flash ensued, and Employee #1's face was burned.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for first and second degree burns to his face.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on December 13, 2018, an employee climbed a ladder to get to a tie- off point. While attempting to reach for the tie-off point, the employee lost hi s footing/balance and fell. The employee was taken to a local hospital to treat a dislocated pinky finger.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 25, 2018, a 56-year-old employee was working for a machi ne shop. He was walking through the firm's break room toward the production floo r with his lunch in hand. A rug had been bunched up to prop open the east-facing door between the break room and production floor. The employee tripped over the rug. He fell down three steps, approximately 0.61 meters (24 inches). His head and face struck against the concrete floor. The initial injury was head and face laceration, contusion, and the employee was hospitalized. He had sustained inte rnal bleeding of the brain, though, and died 22 days later.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:22 p.m. on December 19, 2012, Employee #1 was working on a fl at roof capping the edge.  The aluminum he was capping with was caught by wind a nd it contacted an adjacent 7,600 volt transmission line.  Employee #1 was elect rocuted.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on April 30, 2014, flow-back employees opened the 4H well head tha t was connected to a sand separator which was under pressure. The sand separator is connected to a sand box collector on one end and a manifold on the other end . Employee #1 was seen closing the valve between the sand separator and the sand box collector. The pathway from the sand separator and the manifold were closed , including all 5 valves. Employee #2 delivered some product and walked towards employee #1 to get a haul delivery ticket signed. Both employees were in the pre ssurized zone area of wellhead #4H when the explosion occurred. The pressure inc reased in the sand separator which was not equipped with a pressure relief valve . According to witnesses, Employee #1 and Employee #1 sustained severe head trau ma from shrapnel released by the exploded metal pressure vessel and were killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 1, 2021, an employee kneeled in front of a truck to fasten a chain to the front in preparation to pull it out of mud. At the same time, a c oworker operated a backhoe to back up to the truck and swung the bucket towards the truck, striking the employee and pinning the employee between the truck and the bucket. The employee received upper body trauma and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on February 23, 2022, an employee was working for a firm that proce ssed oil from soybeans and other oilseeds. He operated industrial trucks and tra ctor equipment. Employee #1 was driving a Unicarrier model number MUG1F2A30LV fo rklift. He was dumping full bins of walnut oil stock into the hopper T301 day bi n to go to the oil mill system in the firm's back yard area. At the time of the incident, he was carrying an empty wooden bin. He lost control of his forklift a nd slid sideways. He skidded and collided with a full wooden bin in front of the stock pile. His leg was caught between the forklift and the bin. He suffered th e fracture of the distal end of his left tibia and fibula. He was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	On February 27, 2009, Employee # 1 was using a vertical bandsaw to cut a steel pipe that measured 42 feet by 13inches. While Employee #1 was cutting the pipe, another pipe exited a nearby conveyor and pinned him against the bandsaw. This resulted in the death of Employee #1 due to crushing injuries to his upper body.
electrocution_fatal	On August 5, 2008, Employee #1 was working with a crew that was replacing a power pole. The pole had been set and materials were being placed on crossarms in preparation for transferring power to the new pole. A coworker was in the bucket, working on the transformer. Employee #1 was instructed to hook up the ground wire to a rod in the ground next to the pole. The coworkers did not see what happened, but they heard Employee #1 scream or groan. A coworker ran to grab Employee #1 but realized he was being electrocuted. The coworker used a fiberglass hot stick to get the energized grounding wire off of Employee #1. The coworker in the bucket was told to kill the power to the transformer. Coworkers performed CPR. EMS arrived and Employee #1 was later pronounced dead.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on April 30, 2014, flow-back employees opened the 4H well head tha t was connected to a sand separator which was under pressure. The sand separator is connected to a sand box collector on one end and a manifold on the other end . Employee #1 was seen closing the valve between the sand separator and the sand box collector. The pathway from the sand separator and the manifold were closed , including all 5 valves. Employee #2 delivered some product and walked towards employee #1 to get a haul delivery ticket signed. Both employees were in the pre ssurized zone area of wellhead #4H when the explosion occurred. The pressure inc reased in the sand separator which was not equipped with a pressure relief valve . According to witnesses, employee #1 and employee #1 sustained severe head trau ma from shrapnel released by the exploded metal pressure vessel and were killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on March 8, 2015, an employee was asked to go up on the roof to che ck the level of a beam so the support beam could be welded to the opposite end o f the building.  The employee used a scissor lift to gain access to the roof are a which had a 2:12 slope pitch (low slope).  The employee walked on the roof fro m one side to the other, a distance of approximately 40-feet to check the level of the steel beam.  The area where the work was to be performed had planking woo d covering the 3x10 skylights.  However, when it was time for the employee to come down from the roof, he took a different route, approximately 9 to 10 feet from where they were working.  He fell through one of the skylights that was not barricaded and/or covered with the plywood, 25 feet to ground level.  The empl oyee fell striking his head on the ground and was killed from blunt force trauma to the head.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 5, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construc tion company, were measuring, cutting, and installing plywood sheathing over the exterior framing pieces of a new duplex residential structure.  The structure c onsisted of two floors and an underground garage.  Employee #1 was working from a wooden bracket scaffold the two employees had constructed the day before to re ach the second-floor framing.  The scaffold consisted of nailed two by four brac kets and a single two by six platform.  Employee #1, who was not wearing fall pr otection, was standing on the platform plank and using a nail gun to nail the sh eathing into place.  His coworker was on the ground, cutting the sheathing piece s and handing them up to Employee #1.  Employee #1 had reached the east side of the scaffold platform when he lost balance and fell, a fall height of 15 feet. As he reached the surface, he struck his head against a concrete block window we ll.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, where he died at 6:30 p.m. that day from the head injury.
struck_fatal	At 3:48 p.m. on July 2, 2022, an employee was sweeping the roof. The employee fe ll off the roof a distance of 11 feet 8 inches. The employee struck his head on the concrete floor and was killed.  The task at the site involved the repair of an existing roof, and the employees were in the process of tearing off the old r oof.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on June 26, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in repair work at a five-story building's parking structure.  He wa s using a pneumatic chipping hammer/chisel to remove concrete from around embedd ed electrical conduit and post tensioning cables.  The metal chisel penetrated a metal conduit which was energized with 277 volts of electricity.  Employee #1's arm and hand muscles locked up on his tool as he was shocked. The employee was finally able to release the tool and sit down.  He was transported to the hospit al, treated for electric shock, and released without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 25, 2017, an employee was positioning a piece of wood in a Copecrafter wood shaper instrument, which is used to clamp pieces of wood int o position prior to cutting. While his finger was in the clamp, the pneumatic cl amp activated, partially amputating the tip of one of his fingers.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 22, 2015, Employee #1,  a roofing contractor working on the roof of a two-story residential building.  He was performing as a laborer as sistant to two journeyman roofers.  They were re-roofing the building.  As Emplo yee #1 walked on the sloped roof, he stepped over a bundle of asphalt shingles. Employee #1 slipped, slid down the roof, and fell off the edge, a fall height o f 9 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured wrist and a compartment syndrome wrist injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 6, 2018, an employee was working for a temporary staffin g agency. He was using a hoisting apparatus to move a steel plate from a drill p ress. The steel plate was 0.91 meters (36 inches) long, 102 millimeters (4 inche s) wide, and 57 millimeters (2.25 inches) thick. It weighed 360 kilograms (800 p ounds). The hoisting apparatus was a hoist crane, supported by (or equipped with ) "shoes." The metal plate was not secured to the shoes. The steel plate slipped from the shoes. As it fell, it caught the employee between the plate and the wo rk table, crushing his leg. The employee sustained a fracture to his right leg b elow the knee and above the ankle. He was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 17, 2021, an employee worked on a roof taking measureme nts. At some point, the employee lost his footing, fell approximately twenty-two feet, and was killed by multiple internal injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 8, 2017, Employee #1 walked, fell to the ground and su stained a fracture.   Employee #1 was then transported to the hospital for treat ment of the injury.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on November 19, 2021, an employee worked on a roof removing existin g metal decking. While working, the employee fell approximately twenty-three fee t through a section of roof decking, fractured his skull, and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 11, 2018, an employee was brushing roofing paper onto a roof as part of a roofing operation. At some point, the employee attempted to step on the roofing paper to prevent its movement and slipped. The employee fel l backward and landed onto his buttocks in four hundred degree asphalt. The empl oyee was hospitalized for burns to his buttocks, hands, and lower back.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. at October 3, 2017, an employee was helping to install metal roof p anels. The employee was positioned near a plastic roof panel that he somehow fel l through and suffered head injury. The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 p.m. on August 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a power and communica tion line construction company, was loading a piece of timber on top of the buck et.  The piece of timber slipped, the employee tried to grab the timber, and his right hand pinky finger was caught between two pieces of timber.  The finger wa s degloved to the first knuckle.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment of the finger injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:12 p.m. on March 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a welding company, and Coworker #1, the site superintendent for the general contractor, were working at a multiemployer residential construction project.  Employee #1 was walking acro ss the site's driveway.  Coworker #1 was operating a Melroe/Ingersoll-Rand Bobca t skid steer-type haulage vehicle, with a Trojan Model P 60 concrete pump attach ed by chain to the skid steer's bucket.  He was attempting to move the large con crete pump, which belonged to a concrete subcontractor, to the top of the steep driveway.  At the top of the hill, the concrete pump began rolling backward, det ached from the bucket, and rolled down the hill, striking Employee #1.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple serious injuries.       Walking across the dr iveway at the residential construction site.   Site superintendent for general c ontractor was attempting to move a large concrete pump to the top of the drivewa y using a Bobcat skid steer. At the top of the hill the concrete pump came loose and rolled down the hill striking an employee of one of the subcontractors.   F ractures to both legs requiring surgery and hospitalization in excess of 24 hour s.   Struck-by accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on August 27, 2018, an employee was sliding a gate back and fell ov er, fracturing both legs.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 28, 2020, an employee and two coworkers were on a roof packi ng up equipment to leave the job site due to severe weather. At some point, the employee was struck by lightning and fell from the roof. The employee received a severed spinal cord, multiple vertebrae fractures, skull fracture, brain hemato ma, contusions to the lungs and hypoxic respiratory failure that killed him.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on August 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, wa s working at residential building.  He was working from a Werner extension ladde r on top of a flat garage roof.  As he descended the ladder, he slipped on a run g and his leg caught between two rungs.  Employee #1 fell from the ladder, a fal l height of 8 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transpo rted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured tibia.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 26, 2014, Employee #1 was threading half inch gas pipe us ing a Rigid 300 pipe threading machine. The employee's clothing became caught in the threading machine, twisting the employees shirt around his neck and suffoca ting him to death.
electrocution_fatal	On January 2, 2013, Employee #1, a construction helper employed by Arc Electric Company of Indian Trail, was performing electrical demolition work at a commercial building. He came into contact with 277 volts of electricity and was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 28, 2018, an employee was working on a roof installing s hingles. At some point, the employee fell ten foot from the roof and was injured . The employee received fractures and internal injuries to unspecified body part s.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:45 a.m. on June 21, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in roofing activity at a one-story structure.  He used a 25-foot ext ension ladder, extended 3 feet past a 14-foot wall, to access the roof.  As he r eached the top of the ladder, he fell and struck the concrete floor.  Employee # 1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fractures to his ri ght ankle, right tibia, and right wrist.
electrocution_fatal	On July 2, 2002, Employee #1 was attempting to steady a secondary wooden joint-use pole as it was being pulled out of the ground by the front bucket of a tractor-backhoe. He was electrocuted when the pole contacted a 7,200-volt, single phase, overhead power line.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on May 27, 2021, an employee attempted to join coworkers on roof to begin work. The employee fell approximately twenty feet through insulation and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 19, 2016, an foreman employee, forklift operator, and two crew members (working at ground level) were attempting to offload a steel stairc ase from a forklift to a staging area in the fabrication yard at the facility. The staircase was attached to the forks of the lift with clamps.  The two crew m embers were in the process of removing the clamps immediately before the inciden t.    The staircase was positioned vertically on the forks, with two clamps secu ring the staircase to forks at the front of the load and two clamps securing the staircase to the forks at the rear of the load.  As one of the clamps was remov ed, the bottom of the staircase (sitting on the forks) slid outward along the fo rks, shifting into a horizontal position.  The employee was struck and then caug ht between the staircase and a fork on the lift. The employee was pronounced dea d upon arrival of emergency responders.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a drywall company, wa s installing walls at a commercial building.  He was using a Mark V Texspray tex ture spray gun to spray drywall mud on stairwell walls when the nozzle of the sp rayer tip became plugged.  As he attempted to clear the nozzle, Employee #1's ri ght palm was struck by the spray.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a laceration to his right hand.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 16, 2008, a power installer was working for an electric utility company. The company generated and transmitted electric power to commercial and residential customers. At about 10 a.m. on the day of the accident, Employee #1, a "troubleshooter," responded to a dispatch call to troubleshoot a "no-lights" report at a customer's facility. Employee #1 proceeded with the customer and Employee #2, a trainee, to the customer's incoming electrical service area, which housed 120-volts and 208-volts of incoming service. Employee #1 lifted the cover on one of the customer's electrical panels and identified a burned lug that had lost contact with the incoming power as the reason for the problem. He informed the customer of the situation and began to undo the panel cover to deenergize the equipment. He removed his leather work gloves to be able to grip the small screws holding the panel in place, and used an insulated screwdriver to remove the panel cover. As he was working, the customer asked Employee #1 to show him the problem again. Using his insulated screwdriver, Employee #1 pointed to the burned lug, but the screwdriver accidentally contacted the live side of the connection, causing a flash that burned Employee #1's right hand. Employee #1 was taken to a local hospital, where he was hospitalized for treatment of second-degree burns on his right hand. Employee #2 suffered minor burns and did not require hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:30pm on January 18, 2022, Employee #1, employed by a concrete and terrazzo finishing contractor, was finishing a 63 foot wide concrete parkin g lot pad with a long handled bull float. Employee #1 moved the float handle to a vertical position to move location and the handle made contact with the 12,000 volt energized overhead electric distribution lines. Employee #1 was transporte d to the hospital, admitted and treated for electric shock and burns to the hand s and feet.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:10 a.m. on July 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a waterproofing company , was working at a one-story commercial building.  He was working from a 10-foot stepladder that was in the closed position and leaning against an exterior wall .  After caulking a joint, the employee began to descend the stepladder.  The st epladder, which had been set on uneven ground, slipped.  Employee #1 fell, a fal l height of 7 feet.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatme nt, including surgery for a fractured lower leg and ankle.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on April 23, 2021, an employee attempted to walk from a sidewalk sh ed to a mobile scaffold using planks bridged between the two and fell approximat ely ten feet. The employee was killed by their injuries.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on May 12, 2014, an employee was installing roof decking during wi ndy conditions on a three-story roof. Employee disconnected his rope grab from h arness to retrieve a 4' x 8' piece of plywood that flew off the stack from exces sive wind and landed in between roof trusses.  As he was carrying it back to the stack, he slipped on a loose piece of plywood and slid and fell off the roof. T he employee was killed due to fall.
fall_fatal	At 10:39 a.m. on January 30, 2014, an employee was working from a one-tier mobil e scaffold to perform drywall finishing operations on the ceiling.  The employee was fatally injured from head injuries when he fell from scaffold platform 6 fe et and 9 inches to the ground.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 1:25 p.m. on March 14, 2017, an employee was on roof, picking u p roofing debris. The employee slipped and fell 22.5 feet.  The employee was not wearing any personal fall protection equipment and was outside of the flagging area of six feet for flat roofs greater than 50 feet in. The employee fractured several vertebrae and had multiple bruises. He was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 p.m. on July 31, 2017, Employee #1 was working in the cutting area of th e shop, testing small pieces of metal using a band saw and vise.  The employee p laced a 1.5 inch piece of metal between metal plates for support. As the employe e was holding the small piece with his left index finger and thumb with his ring finger extended out, he adjusted the vise with his right hand and did not reali ze his ring finger was in-between the supporting metal plates. When the vise clo sed, the employees left ring finger tip was caught and crushed.  Employee #1 wa s taken to a nearby clinic for evaluation and treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:12 p.m. on March 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a welding company, and Coworker #1, the site superintendent for the general contractor, were working at a multiemployer residential construction project.  Employee #1 was walking acro ss the site's driveway.  Coworker #1 was operating a Melroe/Ingersoll-Rand Bobca t skid steer-type haulage vehicle, with a Trojan Model P 60 concrete pump attach ed by chain to the skid steer's bucket.  He was attempting to move the large con crete pump, which belonged to a concrete subcontractor, to the top of the steep driveway.  At the top of the hill, the concrete pump began rolling backward, det ached from the bucket, and rolled down the hill, striking Employee #1.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple serious injuries.       Walking across the dr iveway at the residential construction site.   Site superintendent for general c ontractor was attempting to move a large concrete pump to the top of the drivewa y using a Bobcat skid steer. At the top of the hill the concrete pump came loose and rolled down the hill striking an employee of one of the subcontractors.   F ractures to both legs requiring surgery and hospitalization in excess of 24 hour s.   Struck-by accident.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on November 19, 2017, an employee was walking on the roof.  A roof panel blew up and the employee lost his balance and fell.  The employee was kill ed.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:55 a.m. on October 19, 2017, an employee was working on the drive motor for the paddles in the DAF platform.  The torque from the motor caused the gearbox leg mount to break and the motor was putting pressure on the top of the mounting chain.  The employee pulled the chain from the top and as the motor came down, it caught the employee's middle finger between the chain and sprocket.  The empl oyee suffered an amputation.  Hospitalization was not required.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 29, 2019, Employee #1 was working at a commercial buildi ng site.  He used a ladder to reach an electrical box, expecting it to be de-ene rgized.  However, the electrical box was live and shocked the employee, who eith er fell or jumped off the ladder, a fall height of 6 feet.  The employee was hos pitalized for treatment of fracture to both heels.
caught_nonfatal	On November 15, 2009, Employee #1, a maintenance worker at a large apartment complex, was on a utility cart removing an item from a shelf in a garage. When he inadvertently stepped on the cart's accelerator, it lurched forward and his right shin struck a wall corner. Employee #1 was hospitalized for a large laceration.
caught_fatal	At 6:43 p.m. on August 9, 2021, an employee, a forklift operator, was on a break when a driver for an outside trucking company was driving a tractor trailer int o the pallet yard. The employee was seen by the driver in the center of the driv eway on the driver's side of the truck. The employee instructed the driver to hu g the right side of the driveway, in order to complete a U-turn once inside the yard. As the driver entered the yard, the employee moved to the passenger side o f the truck without making the driver aware. The driver swung his truck wide to the driver's side and the trailer hit the wall and metal gate on the passenger s ide. The employee was trapped between the trailer and the wall as the truck drov e into the driveway. The employee sustained traumatic crushing injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene by first responders.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:50 a.m. on December 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a scaffolding compa ny, was working at a two-story multifamily residential building.  He was hammeri ng a nail into the building when the nail bounced off and struck him in the eye. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l.  He was admitted and treated for the puncture wound to his eye.
struck_nonfatal	On July 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged i n reroofing activity at a two-story residence.  He and coworkers were stripping shingles when he fell from the roof, a fall height of 17 feet, and landed on the concrete surface.  The employee was hospitalized with a serious head injury.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 19, 2018, an employee was installing enclosures for exteri or hoist operations. The employee peeked over the 8th floor landing gate to veri fy if green paint was applied to the exterior corner piece. At the same time, a hoist was lowered by a coworker from the 9th floor, which struck the employee in the head. The employee was killed as a result.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on November 20, 2015, an employee was attempting to unlatch the rea r gate of the trailer while a coworker backed on a Cat Model 906H@ front end loa der into the 1999 Freightliner Tractor Trailer.  The employee was struck by the back of the front end loader, pinned against his trailer, and suffered a punctur e wound, fractured right leg, and internal injuries.  The employee was killed fr om his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on June 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a fence company, was wo rking at a residential construction site.  He was holding a nail gun and picking up trash when the nail gun discharged a Number 7 penny nail that punctured his shoulder and left lung.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the puncture injury.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on July 28, 2004, Employee #1 and coworkers were loading gas line pipes that had been replaced during construction. One coworker was operating a truck crane, a Grove Series 500C, Number 312-15-0045, gross vehicle weight of 33,000 pounds, which was rented. One coworker was on the ground bringing in the pipe, which was secured on the boom of the crane with a chain. Employee #1 was standing on a flat bed trailer placing the pipe, when the coworker handed the load chain to him. The wire rope of the boom contacted an overhead high voltage power line, 7,200 volts, and Employee #1 was electrocuted. He fell from the truck bed to the ground and died.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 13, 2007, Employee #1, of Canyon Concrete, was using a bull float with an approximately 20 ft long aluminum handle. As he was working the handle contacted a power line. Employee #1 sustained extensive burns, for which he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on December 14, 2015, an employee was applying a sealer to a roof u sing a wood extension pole with a metal frame paint roller when the wooden exten sion pole of 6 feet contacted an electrical wire near the work zone.  The employ ee was electrocuted and killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:10 a.m. on January 14, 2005, Employee #1 was working with a crew performing interior renovations on a commercial building. He climbed a ladder to mark the position of an electrical fixture on the ceiling. He was moving an existing fixture to one side to better access the ceiling when he touched a metal part of the fixture and received an electric shock. Employee #1 fell off the ladder to the floor. He sustained a fracture, for which he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a marine contractor, was lifting up a plate washer being used with a heavy metal rod to break up concret e.  The metal rod slipped out of his hand, striking the plate washer.  The emplo yee's left index finger was pinched between the plate and the concrete seawall. The finger was crushed and degloved to the first joint.  The employee received medical treatment for the finger injury but was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on May 15, 2015, an employee was assisting coworkers performing woo d framing for a house.  The employee fell while climbing a ladder to bring bottl es of water to the coworkers on the second level of the home.  The employee suff ered a fatal head injury with contact to the basement concrete floor.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on March 13, 2020, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was working from a ladder at a building construction project.  He was using his bare hands to connect and splice electrical wiring to the electrical p anel box wiring while the wiring was energized to 120 volts.  The employee fell from the ladder to the floor and then down a flight of stairs, a fall height of 24 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:50 p.m. on October 6, 2017, an employee was working in the shipping and rec eiving area at a large commercial manufacturing facility. The employee was taske d with unloading a trailer of bundled aluminum extrusions, which he began doing by loosening the straps. As he was loosened the straps, the load became unstable and the bundled aluminum extrusions fell and struck the employee's left leg, ca using serious injury.
caught_fatal	At 9:52 a.m. on August 3, 2013, Employee #1, operating a Kenworth Semi truck, ar rived at the site to deliver concrete. A coworker backed his Kamatsu dozer withi n three feet of the truck. Employee #1 was trying to attach the hook from the do zer to the tow hook/pin on the front of the Kenworth, but did not have a D-ring. Another worker was operating a dozer nearby and instructed the coworker to give Employee #1 a D-ring. The coworker engaged the parking break for the Kamatsu do zer and lowered the blade down six inches from the ground.  As the coworker got up from the seat and turned to exit the dozer, the back of his heel caught the p arking break, causing the brake to release. This allowed the dozer to roll backw ards, pinning Employee #1 between the Kamatsu dozer and the Kenworth Semi. The c oworker pulled the dozer forward, and Employee #1 fell to the ground.  Emergency medical services were called. The employee's upper body was crushed between the dozer and his truck and he was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:34 p.m. on April 20, 2017, an employee was installing metal  framing studs while standing on a stack of drywall adjacent to a wall opening. The employee fe ll 18 feet from above a guarded elevator shaft through the wall opening. He sust ained a traumatic brain, acute right subdural hematoma with hemorrhagic contusio n and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On September 22, 2008, Employee #1 was electrocuted, when crane boom truck contacted 7,200 volts power line.
struck_fatal	At approximately 12:15 p.m. on December 26, 2014, Employee #1 was standing next to a pile of trash that was being pushed by a bulldozer.  Employee #1 was standi ng within the blind side of the bulldozer, a Caterpillar D6R LGP crawler tractor , and was wearing his required safety vest, hard hat and safety glasses. Employe e #1 was not in the designated safety area of the bulldozer and was struck and r un over.  Employee #1 died.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on August 1, 2017, an employee was removing concrete on the second floor using a jackhammer.  The floor caved in and the employee fell approximatel y 15 feet to the floor below.  The employee died from crushing injuries and a se vere laceration to inner right thigh.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:45 a.m. on June 17, 2009, Employee #1 was a heavy equipment operator working for the maintenance department of a school district. He was unhooking a 10-ton tilting flat bed trailer from a dump truck while a coworker drove a skip loader off the trailer. When the trailer tilted, Employee #1's arm became caught between the dump body apron of the truck and the trailer pintle, causing a laceration and fracture to his left arm. He was hospitalized at UCSD Medical Center for treatment of his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 17, 2019, an employee was moving and setting up staging equ ipment when his finger was pinched between a truss and a foot pad. The employee suffered a fingertip laceration and was treated without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on December 2, 2021, an employee was working as a rigger assigned to assist with the weight test of a ship's slew arm davit in the carpenter shop of a ship repair company. The employee attached the shackles to complete the con figuration of the 10,000-pound weight-block to be used. The forklift operator dr ove forward with a pallet on the forks and had a conversation with another cowor ker.  After the conversation, the forklift operator backed up towards the weight block. The operator did not see that the employee was standing between the left side of forklift and the weight block. When the operator turned to go forward, the rear end of the forklift swung toward the block, striking the employee with the driver's side rear tire. The employee was hospitalized to treat a fractured left ankle.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:45 on November 14, 2007, Employee #1, a demolition laborer for Kroeker, Inc., was at a remote jobsite in Fresno, CA, when the housing of a large electric motor rotated and crushed his left little finger against the support frame, amputating it. Employee #1 was transported to St. Agnes Medical Center for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 8, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a road construction compa ny, was working at a road paving project.  As he exited his vehicle, he was stru ck by a moving vehicle.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured hip.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:35 p.m. on December 12, 2008, Employee #1 and a coworker were replacing wooden electrical transmission poles with steel transmission poles. The coworker placed a magnetic drill, Slugger, Model Number JM101, Serial Number 6232RM, on the steel pole to drill holes. Employee #1 was holding a rag with his right hand glove under the drill to capture the oil and metal shavings. Employee's #1's right hand glove and rag were entangled and pulled into the magnetic drill bit. Employee #1's right index finger was amputated to the first knuckle and he was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On February 22, 2006, Employee #1 ,an apprentice electrician, was rough-wiring light feeds at a small renovation job when he received an electric shock. He sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
caught_fatal	At 9:40 a.m. on August 11, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a const ruction company, were working on a pipeline construction project.  Employee #1, a pipefitter, was in a trench and standing on the bell of a pipe.  He was within the operating radius of an excavator operated by the coworker.  The coworker, w ho was filling the trench with gravel to level its surface, extended the excavat or bucket outward.  The bucket struck Employee #1, who was pinned between the bu cket and the spreader bar of the trench box.  Employee #1 sustained crushing inj uries and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 22, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contractor, w as using a lathe machine and a 3-foot emery cloth to polish a 3-inch diameter pi ece of stainless steel pipe.  He was using both hands to grab the cloth and move it from side to side.  The piece of pipe caught the emery cloth, and the stock grabbed his left arm and pulled his shirt.  Employee #1 sustained multiple fract ures to his forearm and was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on June 1, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction co mpany, were preparing to install power transmission lines.  Using a loader, they were in the process of unloading a utility pole from a flatbed truck when the p ole came off the loader's forks and fell.  The pole struck and fatally crushed b oth employees.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on July 20, 2020, an employee prepared to install a cable railing w hen, at some point, the employee stepped onto an unsupported, cantilevered formw ork panel that broke after the employee stepped onto it. The employee fell ninet y feet and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:47 p.m. on August 15, 2019, an employee was securing a load on a truck whe n he fell from the trailer, striking his head on the ground.  The employee was k illed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:45 p.m. on July 26, 2016, Employee #1 was on a roof installin g coping on the edge of the parapet wall when he fell 30 feet and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 1, 2021, an employee was driving a truck delivering mat erials (a slab) to a client. The employee was assisting with unloading the mater ials, which was common practice during delivery. The employee was guiding the sl ab while a coworker (client) operating a forklift (powered industrial truck/PIT) was guiding the material. The PIT clamp was not correctly placed on the slab wh ich caused the slab to tip and fall onto the employee's right leg. The employee incurred a compound fracture of his leg and required hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	On February 17, 2009, an employee was operating a Yale stand-up forklift Number 7518, traveling north in the main aisle on his way into the freezer when a coworker, operating the exact same make and style of forklift Numbered 7663, ran into him. The collision occurred at the intersection of the main aisle and the 30 line causing the employee to be thrown out of the driving compartment, landing on the ground, pinning his right foot between the forklift and the storage rack. The employee was initially taken to La Palma Hospital by the paramedic and then was transferred to Kaiser Riverside the next day. The employee was determined to have a medical condition that led to the amputation of his right foot as the medical staffs were not able to save it.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on October 15, 2014, an employee was preparing to replace light pol es. The power to the poles was not turned off prior to removing the bolts at the base of the light pole. The employee and the supervisor were removing the bolts and the pole became energized. The employee contacted the energized pole with 2 70 volt electrical current. The employee was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on March 28, 2011, Employee #1 was performing preventative maintenance on section P130 of a conveyor (Hytrol Conveyor Company, Serial Number 451031). He turned off the power on the motor of the section P130, but he did not lock out the power switch. Employee #1 then sprayed a lubricant of its chain and sprocket and turned its power back on. As he wiped the extra lubricant from the chain with a rag, his right index finger was caught in a pinch point between the sprocket and chain, and was amputated. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he underwent surgery and received post-operative care, after which he was released.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on February 19, 2018, an employee was standing on a loading dock wh ile waiting to park his truck at a meat packing plant.  While waiting, the emplo yee was struck by a 2009 Chevrolet Silverado that was backing into the loading d ock. The employee fell and struck his head on concrete, suffering blunt force tr auma  to his head that lead to a concussion.  As a result, the employee was kill ed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 28, 2022, an employee stood on a platform on the back end of a bucket truck. At some point, the employee fell approximately eight and a half feet and fractured both legs. The employee was taken to the hospital for treatment and was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:00 p.m. on August 20, 2018, an employee was climbing a ladder to access a r oof to start roofing work. As the employee reached for a ladder rung, his hand s lipped from the rung and the employee fell twenty-four feet. The employee receiv ed a fractured hand and foot.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 p.m. on July 8, 2017, an employee was driving a RC CROWN, model #5525-30 stand-up industrial truck in reverse while unloading a pallet of double-stacke d pallets at Inbound Staging Area #2.  The employee caught and crushed his left foot between an unprotected rectangular column/pole and the body of the truck. The employee was taken by Paramedics to Loma Linda University Medical Center for treatment and surgery was performed.  The employee was hospitalized more than 2 4 hours.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on March 11, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was initiating reroofing work on the roof of a one-story warehouse.  He fell t hrough a skylight, a fall height of 25 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on or about December 11, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, electrical engineers employed by Web Electric Inc., were working at a retail store. They were assigned to repair a broken heater in the store's rear storage room. Employee #1 had been on site the previous day, December 10, 2013, to review the scope of the assignment and the material involved. Employee #1 and Coworker #1 replaced the electric contact on the heater. Employee #1 then went to check the 480 Volt Westinghouse Fusible Distribution Panelboard (FDP), Category FDPT3833 #3 panelboard unit in the store's electrical cage, located in a separate room adjacent to the storage room, to make sure that the heater could be energized. The panelboard unit, measuring approximately 8 inches tall by 14 inches long, was installed along with other panelboard units, approximately 3 feet from concrete on grade. The panelboard unit contained a shutoff switch on the front side of the dead front panel to disconnect the interior front fuse panel from the live busbar that energized the panel from the interior rear of the panel unit. Employee #1 turned the 480 Volt, 60 Amp T3833 FDP #3 switch to the off position and opened the dead front to expose the TRS90R 90 Amp fuses in the panel. After a visual inspection of the interior of the panelboard unit, Employee #1 metered the fuses in the panel to ensure that the fuse panel was not energized. He determined that two of the three fuses were inoperable and needed replacement. Employee #1 removed the fuses with an insulated fuse puller. He then wound up the electrical meter and took off his gloves. The door to the panelboard had swung into an almost closed position and sat slightly ajar, approximately 3 inches. Before starting toward his vehicle to retrieve two new fuses, Employee #1 reached to shut the electrical panel door, so that store employees would not be exposed to an electrical hazard while he was gone. As Employee #1 shut the panel door, a live T3833 FDP #1 panelboard unit, approximately 8 inches above the FDP #3 that Employee #1 had been working in, and that had not been previously opened and was dead front, had one or more arc flashes. The flashes blew out the top of the dead fronted T3833 FDP #1, causing irreparable blast and burn damage. The interior of the T3833 FDP #3 had burn marks on a small section of the panel door. Employee #1 was seriously burned. He also experienced brief blindness due to the flash. Coworker #1, who had been standing to the side, approximately 3 feet from the panel unit, also experienced brief blindness, but was otherwise uninjured. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported and admitted to Tuomey Hospital, and subsequently transferred by emergency transport to the Augusta Burn Center. He was treated for second and third degree burns to his hand and forearm. South Carolina OSHA's subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1 had been wearing ANSI Class 2 - 17,000 Volt electrical gloves, a fire resistant shirt, and safety glasses while working, although, as noted above, he had removed his gloves shortly before the arc flash event.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 13, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a constr uction company, were working at a residential job site.  Employee #1 was on a la dder near the peak of the roof, and the coworker was on the ground and holding t he ladder.  The coworker stepped away from the ladder to point out an area on th e roof that still needed work.  One foot of the ladder came off the ground and t he ladder fell.  Employee #1 fell.  He was transported to the hospital, where he died from his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 4, 2019, an employee installed exterior finish siding to a residence working from a scaffold. At some point, the employee fell approximatel y twenty feet into the gap between the residence and the scaffold platform. The employee was hospitalized for surgery to treat back injuries received.
struck_fatal	At approximately 6:39 a.m. on February 19, 2016, Employee #1 was finishing up th e bottom weld on a center section of a steel truss frame, number E5233. The rema ining welds of the center tubular section of the truss gave way from the weight of the truss, 10.5 tons, that deflexed the center steel tube.  Employee #1s hea d was pinned between the center steel tube and the steel fitters aid, and kille d.
caught_fatal	At 9:15 p.m. on November 24, 2104, an employee had towed a truck in need of repa irs to a location determined by the client.  The employee went to release the to w straps on the vehicle and was caught between the tow truck and the towed vehic le.  His coworkers found him lying on the ground unresponsive and made attempts to resuscitate the employee.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on April 10, 2017, a crane operator, was using an ov erhead crane to move a coil of steel weighing 46,000 pounds. The coil fell from the clamp and impacted a second coil of steel located in the staging area which struck a third coil causing the third coil to fall. The employee was walking bet ween the two coils at the time of impact and was crushed between the two. The em ployee fell to the floor and the third coil rolled onto the lower half of the em ployee's body. The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on May 11, 2014, the employee was working on a roof and fell throug h an unprotected skylight. The employee fell twenty-three (23) feet thus killing the employee.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on August 24, 2018, an employee was checking level of crude oil tan k battery.  The employee fell 13 feet from the catwalk and fractured his vertebr a, several ribs, and femur.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:15 a.m. on July 19, 2004, Employee #1, an electrician's helper, was helping to rewire an old high-rise office building in Los Angeles, CA. He applied fire stop to the electrical conduits in the walls on the first floor. The conduits brought wires up from the basement, where high-voltage power lines entered the building, and reduced the voltage to 120/240 volts. Employee #1 then remembered a 1 1/2 in. conduit inside one of the service cabinets, which was on the ground floor. The conduit needed a strap installed before more power lines could be brought up from the basement. Employee #1 removed two corner screws in the cabinet's door so he could open it and he was leaning forward over the splash apron to access the conduit when his head contacted a 120-volt busbar. He received an electric shock and was rendered unconscious. A coworker started CPR and revived him. Employee #1 sustained small burns on the bottom of his right arm and left thumb, which provided paths for the electricity, and a severe burn on the right front part of his skull. All the service cabinets on the first floor were de-energized except for one that was backfed to supply 120 volts for lighting the building. The cabinet Employee #1 opened had a lockout on the breaker that was accessible from outside the cabinet, However, when he removed the corner screws, the lock stayed on the breaker as the door opened. The busbars inside the cabinet were also backfed and, had the breaker been closed, an explosion would have occurred in the basement.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a carport construction c ompany, was working at a job site.  He was working at an elevation and assemblin g a prefabricated steel frame carport when he fell.  Emergency services were cal led, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treat ed for a fractured arm and other injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 31, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at the site of a new residential structure.  As he was walking across a wooden plank, he fell into an excavation, a fall height of 8.5 feet.  Employe e #1 struck his head on a rock and pieces of concrete forming material.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for head injuries and lacerat ions.
caught_fatal	On May 23, 2011, Employee #1, a forklift operator, was stacking loads of steel. When the steel was stacked, a dunnage was needed to protect and secure each load upon the stack. He exited the forklift while it was still running and placed the dunnage on top of the stack. Employee #1 did neither set the parking brake nor lowered the forks to the ground. The forklift rolled forward and pinned him between the load on the forks and the stack of steel. The compressive force of the forklift caused crushing injuries that killed him.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 10, 2014, an employee was standing on a ladder and cutti ng a metal bracket that supported the air condenser.  The air condenser fell to the ground with the employee falling as well.  The employee received fatal blunt injuries to the head and neck.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on August 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a heavy construction co mpany, was working from a forklift at a job site.  He was standing on the forkli ft and trying to reposition a pipe spool and cribbage being transported by the f orklift.  The forklift moved, and the pipe spool and cribbage shifted.  Employee #1's finger was caught between the pipe spool and the cribbage.  Emergency serv ices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admit ted and treated for a crushed finger and amputated fingertip.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 30, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was doing repair work from the roof of a three-story residential structure.  He was installing fasteners for insulation when he lost balance at the roof's edge and fell, a fall height of 27 feet.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumati c injuries and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 28, 2020, an employee and two coworkers were on a roof packi ng up equipment to leave the job site due to severe weather. At some point, the employee was struck by lightning and fell from the roof. The employee received a severed spinal cord, multiple vertebrae fractures, skull fracture, brain hemato ma, contusions to the lungs and hypoxic respiratory failure that killed him.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:28 a.m. on October 11, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in renovation work at a two story multifamily residential structu re.  He was operating a chop saw to cut a 25-inch by 25-inch piece of plywood in preparation for installing a ceiling fan.  The employee amputated his left thum b.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the amputation .
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on April 2, 2015, Employee #1 was opening the blow-do wn valve to a 8-in. launching unit. As he worked, either the blow-down discharge assembly struck him in the head or the force of the gas being discharged caused him to fall backwards, striking his head on the ground. Employee #1 suffered a head injury from the incident that resulted in brain swelling. Employee #1 was t ransported to a medical center, where he died.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on February 20, 2019, an employee was walking across a suspended ceiling troubleshooting a pipe for a water leak. The employee fell t hrough the suspended ceiling to the lower level.  The employee suffered a fractu re to the neck and wrist. The employee was hospitalized for these injuries.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 21, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contra ctor, was working at a residential building construction project. He was taping plywood particle board sheathing seams on a section of framed out wall that was lying on the third level deck. Employee #1 left a portion of sheathing hanging o ver the framed out section and the deck.  As he worked, he stepped on the overha nging portion of sheathing.  The sheathing detached from the wall frame, and Emp loyee #1 fell from the third level to the ground. Employee #1 sustained head tra uma and was killed in the fall.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 9, 20008, an employee was holding the loop of a wire rope sling as the crane operator was preparing to move some cap trusses to a location closer to the house. The crane's load line made contact with an electrical power line, 12Kv Phase to Ground/23Kv Phase to Phase, and the overhead neutral line at the same time. The sling was energized momentarily, with most of the current passing through the neutral line instead of the more poorly grounded sling connection. The employee received an electric shock and was airlifted to New Hanover Regional Hospital. The employee was hospitalized and treated for electric shock.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 23, 2016, a worker was working from a scaffold that was b eing supported by a forklift, to complete a roofing job, when he fell and was ki lled.
electrocution_fatal	On July 22, 2015, an employee was stripping a live energized 120V 12 gauge with non-insulated Milwaukee multi-tool wire strippers and electrocuted themselves wi le touching a surface that grounded them, completing the circuit through his bod y.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a three-story residential building site.  He was dismantling a scaffold when he slipped and fell.  Emergency services were called, and Employ ee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a f ractured right wrist and a laceration to the bridge of his nose.
fall_fatal	On January 16, 2014, Employee #1, a roofer who was the owner of a roofing company, was working at a residential duplex construction site. He was working on a roof when he fell, a fall height of approximately 13 feet. Employee #1 was killed in the fall. This fatality was investigated by Iowa OSHA.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on April 10, 2018, Employee #1, a master plumber, and a coworker w ho was Employee #1's apprentice, both employed by a plumbing company, were insta lling a new dewatering pump unit in a pit.    Between 7:30 a.m. and 11:15 a.m., Employee #1 entered the pit three times, each time wearing fall protection and p ersonal protective equipment.  His coworker was stationed at the pit's entrance. During his third stint working in the pit, after 30 to 40 minutes, Employee #1 was overwhelmed by vapors.  His coworker used Employee #1's attached lifeline t o rescue him.  Both employees later reported that they had been smelling diesel fuel all morning.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and tr eated for his exposure.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on July 24, 2014, Employee #1 was standing on a newly installed stairwell landing which was not equipped with a handrail. He was not using his personal fall arrest system when he tripped and fell between the stair wells.  Employee #1s midsection struck a guard rail prior to him hitting the gr ound, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 17, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a hom e improvement company under contract with a retailer, were performing a cabinetr y installation at a private residence.  Employee #1 was in the driveway near the garage and operating a portable table saw to cut a piece of wood.  The saw's po wer cord was attached to an extension cord that extended to an outlet in the gar age.  The residence's owner, who was walking in the garage, tripped over the ext ension cord, which caused the table saw's cord to jerk.  The table saw blade shi fted, striking and cutting the fingers of Employee #1's left hand.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He require d surgery to repair his lacerated fingers.  He was released prior to 24 hours at the hospital.
electrocution_fatal	On July 5, 2005, Employee #1 was painting a residential building. As he was moving an aluminum ladder, it contacted a 7,200-volt overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on April 13, 2018, Employee #1 was working on a ladder. As he trans itioned from the ladder to a roof, Employee #1 lost his footing and fell to the ground. Employee #1 suffered a fractured skull that caused  brain swelling, a br oken collar bone, and severed the main artery to his brain. Employee #1 died as a result of his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 8:31 a.m. on June 7, 2021, an employee worked to paint the exterior of a buil ding using an aerial work platform (lift). The employee attempted to maneuver th e basket through an opening in the building's exterior, became caught between a concrete beam and the lift basket, and was killed by crush injuries.
struck_fatal	At 9:35 p.m. on January 3, 2019, Employee #1 was in the process of setting up a temporary traffic control (TTC) on a city street standing in the right of way of oncoming traffic.  Employee #1 was standing on the passenger side of his employ ers truck taking down stacks of reflective traffic cones. The truck was position ed half way onto the shoulder, the other half protruding into the outside lane o f Jefferson Ave when Employee #1 was struck by a motorist approaching the TTC. Employee #1 sustained fatal injuries as a result of being struck by a motorist t raveling approximately 40 mph.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 1, 2021, an employee was driving a truck delivering mat erials (a slab) to a client. The employee was assisting with unloading the mater ials, which was common practice during delivery. The employee was guiding the sl ab while a coworker (client) operating a forklift (powered industrial truck/PIT) was guiding the material. The PIT clamp was not correctly placed on the slab wh ich caused the slab to tip and fall onto the employee's right leg. The employee incurred a compound fracture of his leg and required hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 19, 2017, an employee was conducting painting activity. The re was a work basket being lifted by a forklift just above where the employee wa s standing. For an unknown reason, the basket dropped and struck the employee in the head. The employee was killed as a result of his injury.
caught_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on June 14, 2016, an employee had uncoupled a tractor from a milk trailer, presumably to wash the tractor. The employee pulled the tr actor up to the wash station and left the tanker filled with about 58 tons of cr eam. The trailer tipped over on the gravel surface and fell on the employee. The employee received multiple crushing injuries and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on February 13, 2019, an employee was gathering tools and securing compressors when they tripped over a 16 to 18 inch curb into a 37.5 foot whole o n to the concrete floor bellow. The fall resulted in multiple fatal blunt force trauma injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:25 p.m. on January 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical service s company, was engaged in electrical work at a multiemployer construction projec t, a two-story commercial building.  He was caught in an arc flash/explosion of 480 volts, 100 amps.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital and later flown to a burn unit.  He was treated for second and third degree burns to his left arm and neck.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on February 17, 2015, an employee was killed when walking to the re ar of his tractor trailer when he slipped on ice, fell, and struck his head on t he ground.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on August 1, 2017, an employee was removing concrete on the second floor using a jackhammer.  The floor caved in and the employee fell approximatel y 15 feet to the floor below.  The employee died from crushing injuries and a se vere laceration to inner right thigh.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:45 p.m. on May 12, 2017, an employee was moving the stressing jack from one steel cable to another in order to pre-stress the steel cable prior to pouring the concrete beam around them. The employee caught their right index finger and middle finger between the steel cable holder and pre-stress Jack frame, crushing and amputating the first joint of each finger.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:15 p.m. on November 8, 2018, an employee was working for a firm that bottl ed and distributed soft drinks. He was standing and about to make a phone call, when a forklift ran into him. He suffered fractures to his leg and ankle. He was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on September 8, 2012, Employee #1 was conducting fou ndation repair on a single-family residence. He grabbed the cylinder of a hydrau lic pump in the residence and was electrocuted. The pump was plugged into an ele ctrical receptacle that had an ineffective ground and reverse polarity.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 p.m. on November 16, 2021, an employee was operating a forklift to move material and a coworker was in the main aisle operating another forklift.  While exiting the aisle he was in, the employee swung out and backed into a clamp att achment on his coworker's forklift.  The employee was hospitalized to treat a fr actured pelvic bone.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:12 p.m. on October 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was using a Dewalt circular handsaw to cut 2-inch by 8-inch pieces of lumber. The saw's guard failed to properly retract in the safe position, and the saw b lade made contact with and lacerated Employee #1's right thigh.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitt ed and treated for the leg laceration.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 17, 2021, an employee was cleaning a machine in a woodw orking shop with a rag while the machine was still in operation. The employee go t too close to the blades and the rag and his finger got caught in the blades. T he employee was hospitalized and had several fingers amputated.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on April 10, 2018, Employee #1 was positioning a 2,200 pound cement bag that was hanging from the truck crane, in order to release the cement into the cement container of a Ready-Mix Concrete truck. He was standing 11 feet abov e the asphalt without fall protection or a hard hat. The bag of cement struck hi m, knocking him off of the truck and onto the asphalt below. As he fell, he also struck the side rear fender, hitting his head on the asphalt. The employee sust ained a fracture to his skull and a hematoma to his hip and leg. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on May 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as taking a break from his work at a heavy construction site.  He was sitting on a trunnion beam that had been removed from a dredge and placed on the shore.  W hen he stood up and prepared to walk forward, the beam shifted and tilted forwar d, catching and pressing against his leg.  Emergency services were called, and E mployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a l eg fracture.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 6, 2014, Employee #1, #2 and #3 were moving a 19 foot 10 inch rolling scaffold from one location to a second location on a building site. The top of the scaffold made contact with an overhead 7200 volt power line that was in their path.  The scaffolding became energized by the high voltage power line, killing all three men.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on September 23, 2019, an employee was assisting two coworkers with adjusting a load on a flatbed tractor trailer.  The employee was struck by Z-wi ng that fell off of the trailer bed and crushed his pelvis.  The employee was tr ansported by helicopter to the hospital, where he died on arrival.
electrocution_nonfatal	Employee #1, an electrician, was on a 10 ft tall fiberglass stepladder, using a voltage meter to check roughed-in wiring from a wall switch to a ceiling light. The meter gave him a false reading and he received an electric shock that caused him to fall approximately 8 ft to the ground. Employee #1 suffered from blood clots in his lung and leg, for which he was hospitalized. The false reading he received from the voltage meter was verified by a digital meter.
struck_fatal	At 1:03 p.m. on February 3, 2015, an employee exited the operator's seat of a Jo hn Deere backhoe loader with the engine idling. He walked behind the machine and appeared to be reaching for the backhoe control lever or a pry bar that was bei ng stored in the operator's cab. When emergency responders arrived at the scene, the employee was found on the left-hand side of the machine pinned between the boom and body of the backhoe loader. The employee was killed as the result of me chanical asphyxia and blunt force injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:34 a.m. on October 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a waterproofing and restoration company, was working at a five-story multifamily residential buildin g.  He was climbing an exterior fire escape ladder to access the roof when his f oot slipped and he fell four stories.  Emergency services were called, and Emplo yee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fract ured spine, a fractured shoulder, and a lacerated leg.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on September 26, 2019, an employee was trimming trees with a chain saw while working from the JLG telehandler's basket.  The employee was electrocu ted when the basket came into contact with an overhead power line, killing him.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on October 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a residential construction project.  He was operating a Gradal l industrial truck, Pettibone Number 524D9-45, to move wood stock.  He then park ed the truck in an open lot being used to store equipment.  After exiting the tr uck, he climbed back up to the cab to retrieve some personal items.  As he stood at cab level and scanned the cab area, he felt a tightness in his neck.  He res ponded by tilting his head back and forth rapidly to "crack" his neck bones.  Th is action caused immediate neck pain and faintness.  Employee #1 fell from the c ab.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital.  He was admitted and treated for a near syncopal episode, likely a vasovag al response to neck pain.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on January 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was installing waterproofing material to the floor of a residence's second-sto ry balcony.  He leaned against balusters that had not yet been secured with a to p rail, a baluster gave way, and he fell, a fall height of approximately 11 feet .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al, admitted, and treated for fractures to multiple ribs and his pelvis.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 24, 2020, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a scaf fold company, were dismantling a five-level stair tower scaffold at the construc tion site for a new commercial building.  They were on the scaffold's fifth leve l, where guardrails had been removed as part of the dismantling process.  Employ ee #1 fell, a fall height of 54 feet.  Emergency services transported the employ ee to the hospital, where he was declared dead.  The subsequent investigation de termined that the employer had a 100% tie-off policy for employees working at 6 feet or higher.  Employee #1 had been wearing  a full body harness and double se lf-retracting lanyards attached to the harness.  Employee #1, for unknown reason , had apparently removed his lanyards from an anchor point and thus was unprotec ted when he fell.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on March 1, 2017, an employee was working in a crew, removing chain link fence sections used as work platforms. The section was enta ngled in cabling used to support the  section. The employee cut the cable which released the section and at the same time dropped the employee 25 feet to the gr ound below. The employee suffered fractures, contusions and concussions for whic h he was hospitalized
caught_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servic es company, was working from an aerial lift and installing tabs on a structural steel beam in preparation for an electrical conduit installation.  Employee #1's face became caught and pinned between the lift's control panel and the steel be am.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple facial fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on March 28, 2017, an employee was retrieving a windo w, while standing in a forklift, from a wooden box loaded on a forklift. After p lacing his foot on the  scissor lift's midrail, the employee exited the lift and placed his other foot inside the wooden box loaded on the forklift. This caused the wooden box to fall and the employee fell to the ground below. The employee was hospitalized and treated for fractures to his wrist, nose and lower back.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:20 a.m. on November 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working from a 10-foot A-frame stepladder and using tin snips to demolis h an approximately 19 inches by 9 inches by 25 feet long HVAC duct.  He was work ing alone and with no witnesses.  His foreman found the employee face down on th e ground with the ladder lying next to him.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of blunt force traumatic head inj uries.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on January 9, 2017, Employee #1, a truck driver, was hauling demolition material to a dump or a recycle center. His immediate superv isor, a superintendent , was operating an excavator to break apart a large swimm ing pool behind a house that had been demolished. Material was taken from the po ol and dumped into a pile, which was located north of the pool and near a road. Employee #1 waited for his supervisor to finish so that they could load his truc k. Around 12:30 p.m. on that day, Employee #1 decided to prematurely start separ ating some of the fiberglass that was in the pile. The recycle center, which the material was going to, did not accept fiberglass. His supervisor did not see Em ployee #1, who was on the opposite side of the pile, separating the fiberglass f rom the other material. Using the excavator, the supervisor dropped a large sect ion of the pool, consisting of cement and fiberglass material, on top of the pil e. A part of the pool struck Employee #1, causing fractures to multiple cervical vertebrae in his neck. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where h e received treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 7, 2003, Employee #1 and a coworker were using a National Grove series truck crane to pull fencing. The coworker was operating the crane, which was situated near a 19.9 kilovolt overhead power line. Employee #1 was using his hands to guide the load line when he contacted a hoist cable on the boom that was getting ready to pull the fencing. He received an electric shock and sustained third-degree burns on his hands, second-degree burns on his stomach, and a fractured vertebra. The coworker operating the crane did not maintain proper clearance from the power line.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 21, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction cont ractor, was engaged in fireproofing at a building construction site.  He was sta nding in an elevated wood box when he slipped and fell from the box to the floor , a fall height of 10 feet.  The wood box also fell and struck Employee #1's hea d.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 3, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, w as painting an interior ceiling on the ground floor of a commercial building.  H e was working from a 12-foot stepladder set up next to a glass window wall when he fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of multiple i njuries.  These included fractures to the spine, collarbone and rib, and a brain clot.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on March 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an information technolo gy company, was climbing down from a scissor lift.  He missed a step and began t o fall.  In an attempt to stop his fall, he grabbed the platform handrail.  His left ring finger became caught and was degloved.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the finger degloving injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 26, 2018, an employee was guiding a lamp post into plac e when the post made contact with a live overhead power line. The employee was h ospitalized for electrical shock and burns to unspecified parts of the body.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 5, 2002, Employee #1, of Northwest Excavating, Inc., climbed up onto the boom of a Cat excavator EX-6 to mark overhead lines with warning tape. In the process, he contacted the 13.8-kilovolt power line. He received an electric shock that caused him to fall off the boom. He dropped approximately 16 ft and landed, face first, onto large gravel. Employee #1 sustained multiple injuries, for which he was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 31, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at the site of a new residential structure.  As he was walking across a wooden plank, he fell into an excavation, a fall height of 8.5 feet.  Employe e #1 struck his head on a rock and pieces of concrete forming material.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for head injuries and lacerat ions.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on November 10, 2005, Employee #1 was digging a trench in preparation for installation of sewer and water lines. He was chiseling what appeared to be a pre-disturbed foundation when he contacted a previously installed high-voltage power line. Employee #1 was transported by Norfolk Fire and Paramedical Services to the nearest medical facility, where he was admitted for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on February 9, 2017, an employee was loading a conex box onto a fl atbed truck, using a winch hook that was attached to the truck. During loading, the winch's connector/yoke broke. The winch cable and hook snapped back and stru ck the employee in the head, resulting in his death.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:45 a.m. on March 20, 2017, an employee was communicating wit h welders at the bottom of a wood framed stair well by voice and a crane operato r to position a flight of steel stairs to be welded into place. The employee was leaning against the top rail of a guard rail system.  When one side of the guar d rail detached from the post, the employee fell 57 feet.  The employee hit hori zontal supports on the way to the stairs and floor 57 feet below and suffered fr actured ribs, a fractured hip, sprains and dislocation of a knee, hernia his abd omen.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 28, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor , was working at the site of a single family residence.  He was loading tree stu mps into a dump truck when he tripped and fell over cinder blocks.  The employee sustained a fractured leg.  The employee was transported to the hospital and ad mitted for treatment of the fracture.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on July 19, 2011, Employee #1 was working on a residential construction project. Employee #1 was using a Porter Cable reciprocating saw to remove water lines in the crawl space of the residence. The reciprocating saw, extension cord and portable GFCI that were being used were in good working condition, but the electrical conductors in the crawl space showed signs of degradation and damage from animals, and the grounding system for the house was not continuous. Employee #1 made contact with a frayed 120 volt electrical conductor and was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 6, 2007, Employee #1 was working as a brickmason or stonemason for a special trade contractor primarily engaged in concrete work. He was mixing material, using a portable drill mixing attachment, when his loose latex rubber glove became entangled in the drill's rotating chuck. He sustained the amputation of the tip of the ring finger on his left hand. The fingertip could not be successfully reattached, and Employee #1 was treated and released from the hospital on the same day, without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 1, 2019, an employee was operating a Delta 10" Unisaw Tabl e Saw with a dado blade and not the planar as instructed to cut a decorative mun tin bar.  The employee broke through the work piece with the saw blade and amput ated his left thumb and index finger, requiring hospitalization.
caught_fatal	On November 8, 2011, five employees were working on a construction site, pouring concrete. The front section of the fourth floor collapsed onto the third floor front section and then collapsed onto the second floor. The five employees were crushed between floors. Employee #1 died, and Employees #2, #3, #4 and #5 were hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on May 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was en gaged in roofing work at a one-story residential structure.  As he ascended an e xtension ladder, he slipped and fell.  Emergency services were called, and Emplo yee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for two fra ctured ribs, a fractured collarbone, and a head laceration.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on August 1, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete company, wa s working at a multiemployer job site, an eight-story commercial building.  He w as polishing concrete when he was struck by a sheet of aluminum siding.  The alu minum sheet, which measured 6 feet by 5 feet, struck his hard hat.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was adm itted and treated for a concussion.
caught_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on May 30, 2017, an employee was operating the industrial magnetic based drill.  The employee's safety vest vest was caught-in the drill mechanism. The employee became tangled, choked and he was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on January 22, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction contr actor, was performing exterior maintenance, replacing siding and window trim at a residence.  He was standing on an extension ladder that had been placed throug h a skylight opening onto a sloped roof.  The ladder was tied off to prevent sli pping.  As the employee attempted to install or secure an anchor tie-back for hi s safety harness and ladder, he slipped and fell onto the deck below, a fall hei ght of approximately 12 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, whe re he was admitted for treatment of three fractured vertebrae and right shoulder bruising.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a building construction c ontractor, was installing a new elevated walkway at a tank farm.  He was working from the basket of an aerial lift.  There was a fixed pipe racking system behin d the basket.  The employee retracted the lift basket and became caught between the lift's controls and the pipe racking system.  He lost consciousness.  Emerge ncy services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of chest contusions.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 2, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a dozer company, was work ing at a multiemployer construction project, an excavation landfill.  He was wal king toward the dozer when he was struck by falling tree branches.  Emergency se rvices transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he died from his injuries. It was determined that Employee #1 had not been wearing a reflective safety ve st when he approached the dozer.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:50 p.m. on March 15, 2014, an employee checking the electrical wiring on an appliance, unplugged the appliance and was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 5:45 p.m. on May 14, 2019, an employee was using a picker truck to pick out w indshields at a warehouse to be shipped. A replenishment truck in the same aisle picked up the rear of the employee's extended truck, causing it to tip over. Th e employee was killed when caught between the picker truck and a third truck.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:59 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was delivering material to a cust omer and was standing the back of a tractor trailer.  The employee was unloading a 3 by 20 foot metal steel grate weighing about 1,600 lbs that was leaning agai nst the side wall of the trailer.  The employee was struck by the grate when it fell over and damaged his knee.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At approximately at 8:00 a.m. on February 11, 2014, an employee was working for a firm that was installing new residential plumbing in Camarillo, CA. At the time of the incident, the employee and at least two coworkers were working inside a structure. The first coworker was handing plumbing parts to the employee. The employee was standing on the fourth rung of a ladder. The employee was passing these plumbing parts up to another coworker on the second floor. The employee fell, and the ladder fell too, landing on the employee. He sustained a skull fracture and traumatic brain injury. He was killed. The employer notified the Division of the incident at 4:55 p.m. on February 12, 2014. An investigation concluded that the employee lost his footing on the ladder and fell from the fourth rung.
electrocution_nonfatal	On December 13, 2018, Employee #1 was performing electrical work at the construc tion site of a power plant.  As he stepped into the generator circuit breaker bo x to perform brain work, he made contact with an energized circuit.  The employe e sustained an electric shock.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 28, 2019, an employer was providing instruction on where drywall needed to be placed.  Employee #1 was looking up and leaned forward, an d fell 22 feet below landing on scaffold.  The employee sustained fractures, lac erations, internal bleeding and died.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:15 p.m. on March 25, 2017, an employee and a coworker were lifting a Chicks an pipe weighing approximately 200 pounds from the transportation cradle that it was delivered in.  The employee caught their finger between the cradle and the pipe when the employee's coworker dropped the pipe. The employee amputated their right middle fingertip to the mid-nail.  Hospitalization was not required.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on September 1, 2020, an employee was working under the raised lift arm an attachment of a skid steer. The hydraulic system was not operating prope rly and while the skid steer operator was working with the controls, the arm and attachment dropped. The employee was killed when struck on the head and receive d blunt force trauma injuries.
fall_fatal	At approximately 5:00 p.m. on March 28, 2016, an employee was installing contain ment tarps to the side of the bridge. The employee was handing down containment tarps to coworkers standing below the bridge on temporary cables and netting. Th e employee fell off the top of the bridge, falling approximately 25 ft. to 30 ft . into the water. The employee only had a Hi-Vis vest on and other personal prot ective equipment. The employee drowned.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on June 12, 2020, an employee was crossing a road between a break a rea and the workplace. As the employee crossed, a Telehandler (JLG Industries In c. Model Number 943) was being operated by a coworker to unload pipe hanging mat erial. As the operator moved the Telehandler in reverse, the Telehandler struck the employee and caused crushing injuries to the right leg, torso, and head.  Th e employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on February 4, 2013, Employee #1 was helping a cowor ker hook a chain to the front bumper of a Mack truck in order to pull a stuck tr uck out of sand.  Employee #1 was standing between the front bumper of the Mack truck and the back bumper of a front end wheel loader on an incline.  The front end wheel loader rolled back and crushed Employee #1 between the two vehicles. Employee #1s torso was crushed and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on April 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction subcontr actor at a multiemployer project for a multifamily residential building, was cli mbing an 8-foot stepladder.  He was using both hands in an attempt to take a mea surement and thus did not have a stable three-point contact as he climbed.  Empl oyee #1 lost his balance.  He leaned over the ladder, which slid out from under him.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture to his back.
electrocution_fatal	On October 31, 2003, an employee was assisting a coworker working on a conveyor belt system in close proximity to a warehouse wall crane. Possibly, the employee came in contact with an exposed electrical conductor that provided power to the crane. The employee was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On February 3, 2006, Employee #1 was trying to open the side doors on the main panel box in an equipment room to measure the voltage and amerage readings. The 480-volt, 400-amp breaker was energized. He was using an uninsulated screwdriver that he had borrowed from the building's engineer and his bare hands to remove the plastic plate screwed into the panel when an arc blast occurred. Employee #1 suffered first-, second-, and third-degree burns to his face, arm, and hand. He was transported to Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical System Burn Center for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately, 12:00 p.m. on September 15, 2010, Employee #1, of Richland Chambers Area Construction, was electrocuted while welding an angle iron on to a retaining wall. Employee #1 was found standing in approximately 3 feet of water, with the welding lead also in water.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on December 4, 2015, an employee was installing roof decking on a f lat roof by carrying and placing decking material in location where it was to be nailed to rafters.  Rafters were on 24-in. centers 19-ft 6-in. above a courtyar d. The employee removed a sheet of unsecured roof decking because it had a damag ed corner.  In the process of moving the sheet, the employee fell from the deck to the concrete floor of the courtyard and sustained head injuries. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 11, 2018, an employee was carrying a roofing sheet in prepa ration for installation on the roof of a new home. The employee slipped and fell ten feet off of the roof as he was wearing fall protection that did not work du e to improper donning of the equipment. The employee received an ankle fracture injury from the fall.
electrocution_fatal	On July 20, 2011, Employee #1 was working as a lineman. Employee #1 climbed an electrical distribution pole, and was wearing the appropriate personal protective equipment as indicated in the National Electrical Safety Code (NESC) C2-2007. Employee #1 reached his designated working position and shifted his weight on the pole in order to pull up the insulating blanket from below. Employee #1's back right shoulder blade made contact with the high side of a cutout fuse (also called a "stinger") just behind his insulating arm protector. The cutout fuse was energized at 7,600 volts. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on January 20, 2017, an employee was working from a 6 foot fibergla ss step ladder to install hurricane clips on the face of a building. As he desce nded the ladder, he lost his footing and fell approximately 4 feet to the ground .  The employee sustained a fractured ankle, which he was hospitalized and recei ved treatment.
struck_fatal	at 8:45 a.m. on November 17, 2021, an employee was performing routine maintenanc e on rock crushing equipment when the hatch door fell on him. The employee was c rushed and killed by multiple blunt force trauma.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:25 a.m. on October 24, 2017, an employee was pulling material from an upper level of a rack and unbuckled his harness to reach items at the backside of the rack.  The employee lost his footing and fell, striking several racks before hi tting the ground.  The employee suffered head lacerations and was in a coma when he was admitted to the hospital for treatment.
fall_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on December 26, 2014, Employee #1 was installing wiri ng to energize window shades standing on a scaffold, 24 foot high. While climbin g on the scaffold he fell and suffered a massive blunt trauma to his face and he ad.  Employee #1 died.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on March 13, 2019, an employee, an Electronic Systems Specialist, was completing a work order for the service and inspection of several smoke dete ctors that were malfunctioning with the use of a 12-foot Louisville aluminum A-f rame step ladder and an Up-right 24-foot Airlift telescopic work platform. The e mployee and a coworker moved the Airlift telescopic work platform into position and realized that they would not be able to extend the platform all the way up d o to the configuration of smoke detector in the room. In an effort to complete t he assignment, the employee placed the ladder on top of the Airlift platform in the closed position leaning it against the wall to attempt to reach the work loc ation. As the employee ascended the ladder holding the replacement smoke detecto r in one hand, he realized that he was still not going to be able to reach the c eiling. As the employee started to descend the ladder, it began to slide causing him to lose his balance and fall approximately 20 feet to the ground. The emplo yee was transported to a local hospital, where he underwent surgery for a fractu red pelvis and six fractured ribs.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing work at a one-story commercial building.  He was standing ne xt to a truck crane when the crane's boom made contact with an overhead power li ne.  Employee #1 sustained an electric shock.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries related to the electric shock.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on November 26, 2018, an employee was working for a manufacturer of sheet metal work. He was receiving a piece of metal flashing from a worker on t he ground. As he was receiving the metal flashing, a gust of wind blew the flash ing into an overhead power line. The line was energized at 19 kilovolts (kV). Th e employee sustained an electric shock. He was hospitalized for two or more days .
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 13, 2007, Employee #1 was on an 8 ft ladder, repairing a live electrical fixture, when he suffered an electric shock and fell 6 ft off the ladder. He suffered fractures to his left femur and left pelvis, for which he was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on April 1, 2019, an employee worked on the upper level of an older condominium. At some point, the concrete slab the employee stood on collapsed a nd the employee fell. The slab then landed on top of the employee who received a fractured femur. The employee was taken to a local hospital for surgery to trea t the injury.
caught_fatal	At 3:00 a.m. on October 7, 2020, an employee was attaching two trailers to a tra ctor when the tractor rolled backwards and the employee was caught between one o f the trailers he was attaching and a nearby trailer. The employee's chest was c rushed, and he was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On October 14, 2006, Employee #1 was installing control wiring for a main electrical switchgear. He had opened the door to the switchgear when he contacted some high-voltage parts and was electrocuted. Employee #1 opened the door before electrical power was shut down.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:00 a.m. on April 2, 2014, Employee #1 fell approximately fou r stories off a tubular welded scaffold and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 23, 2018, an employee, who was a temporary worker, was w orking at a construction site for a new commercial building. The employee was op erating a Manitou rough terrain forklift (Model Number: M30-2 - L005-119) to dum p trash into dumpsters. The employee had operated the rough terrain forklift on and off at the jobsite for an approximate seven months. During one of the employ ees trips to the dumpster, the vehicles forks became stuck in the upright posi tion. She used the equipments controls to lower the forks, however, was unsucce ssful. Next, she exited the drivers seat and walked to the front of the forklif t. As the employee stood in front of the vehicle, the forks fell and landed on h er feet. She was not wearing steel-toed shoes. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment for her injuries that resulted in the amputation of her left leg, below the knee, and amputation of her pinky, ring, and middle toes on her right foot.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on Mary 6, 2015, an employee was attempting to drop an elevator. Th e employee cut the cables of the elevator and the counter weight fell on the emp loyee's head killing him.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on December 22, 2020, an employee worked as a roofer at a new comm ercial building construction site. At some point, the employee fell approximatel y twenty-two feet from the roof. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment and later died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on February 9, 2012, Employee #1 was repairing a power utility pole, a dead end pole at a residence. He used a hot stick to open the cutout to the transformer on the pole and was waiting for the feeder line to be deenergized. At some point, he got on the high side of the transformer, before the line was deenergized, and he contacted the top of the cutout and the guy wire to the pole. Employee #1 received a shock to both hands and was severely injured. He was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on June 28, 2015, an employee was attempting to repair an HVAC syst em located on the third floor of an apartment complex. The employee was using a 20 foot extension ladder to access the roof using the second floor stairs landin g as a base for the ladder to rest on.  It is unknown if the employee was climbi ng up or down the ladder when the employee fell to the right of the ladder and l anded on the steps up to the third floor with the ladder leaning to the left. Th e employee fell approximately 14 feet and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On August 2, 2006, Employee #1, a construction worker with Cobalt Engineering, was finishing drywall in an attic addition when he collapsed and died. He may have contacted an energized, uncovered electrical outlet or switch.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 7, 2017, an employee was cutting wood on a Craftsman t able saw to make a stool.  The employee struck his fingers on the saw blade when a piece of wood kicked back.  He partially amputated his index finger and lacer ated the four remaining ones.  Hospitalization was not required.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 25, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was working at a multi-employer construction project.  He was installing a light fi xture when he sustained an electric shock.  His injury was mild and he did not r equire hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	A carpenter working for a gutter company was hanging a piece of aluminum gutter 14 feet long. He was working from a 28-foot aluminum extension ladder, and he was approximately 20 feet above the ground. Suddenly, the aluminum gutter he was holding contacted an overhead power line energized at 13,200 volts. He sustained burns to his hand, chest, arms, and legs around both knees. He then fell approximately 16 feet to the ground. He was transported to Howard County General Hospital, where he was pronounced dead on arrival. He had been electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On April 6, 2006, Employee #1 was removing metal pipe from a crawl space underneath a house. A coworker, who was stationed in the backyard outside the crawl space, said that he had not heard from Employee #1 in a while. Another person employed by the homeowner went to the opening of the crawl space and called to Employee #1, but received no response. He then entered the crawl space and observed Employee #1 lying face down on an electric light that was used to illuminate the crawl space. When he tried to shake Employee #1, he received an electric shock. He shouted for the homeowner to unplug the light, and he then pulled Employee #1 out of the crawl space. Emergency Services responded and tried to revive Employee #1. Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 21, 2016, an employee, a 45 year old male, was assisti ng another employee install a fascia board on the edge of a 2 story roof. The em ployee was standing on a ladder and was attempting to push the fascia board into place when the employee lost his footing on the ladder and fell approximately 1 5 feet. 911 was called and the employee was transported to the hospital. On Dece mber 27, 2016 the employee died from head injuries from the fall.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:30 a.m. on June 19, 2021, an employee and a coworker were operating a Clark Model CGP25 LP Powered Forklift powered industrial truck (PIT) moving an 1.5 fo ot by 1.5 foot by 6.5 foot, approximately 1,000 pound electrical cabinet into pl ace in a trailer. The cabinet had not been secured to the forks of the PIT and t he employee was supporting the cabinet as it was being moved. As the coworker ba cked a the PIT out of a garage door opening and after crossing the garage door t hreshold, the cabinet rocked and tipped over landing on the employee's left leg. The employee incurred a fracture to his tibia, fibula and femur of the left leg and required hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on July 18, 2019, an employee worked to adjust the forks on a fork lift (Clark, Serial#G138MC-0015-8750K0F) when the fork detached from the mast an d fell onto the employee's right foot. The weight of the fork crushed the steel toe of the employee's boot and partially detached the employee's big toe and cau sed unspecified trauma to the upper part of the employee's foot. The employee wa s taken to the hospital  and admitted to treat the injuries and resulted in the amputation of the employee's right big toe.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on July 23, 2019, an employee was placing rolled aluminum tube onto a portable cart preparing to move the cart to a welding area. As the employee b egan to move the cart a coworker backing a Caterpillar GC55KS Powered Industrial Truck (PIT) loaded with aluminum stock turned slightly and struck the employee' s right foot. The employee incurred multiple fractures to his foot and was hospi talized requiring surgery.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 25, 2017, Employees #1 was operating a Skyjack Telehandl er forklift model SJ 1056  TH with a telescopic boom and outriggers on the front . Employee #2 attached a nylon chocker midway down a steel pipe that was 40 feet long and 10 3/4 inches (outside diameter) round. Employee #2 then attached the other end of the chocker to a hook located under the boom of the forklift just b ehind the forks. Employee #1 then lifted the steel pipe and carried it to an are a where there were steel supports to place the steel pipe onto. Once Employee #1 got to the designated area, the ground was muddy and wet. Employee "#1 put the outriggers down and extended the boom approximately 40 feet and placed the steel pipe down onto the steel supports. Employee #2  then went into the area to remo ve the chocker from the hook on the forklift.  The hook was approximately 10 inc hes above the steel pipe.  Employee #2 was attempting to remove one end of the c hocker from the hook on the bottom of the forklift boom, when the boom came down on top of the employees fingers on his right hand while his hand was on top of the steel pipe, resulting in fractures and lacerations to fingers on employee's right hand
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 19, 2022, an employee was pulling a sewing table to the end of the truck trailer bed. The employee fell out of the trailer while pulling a sewing machine to the end of the trailer.  The sewing machine fell out of the tr ailer along with the employee and fractured the employee's back. The sewing tabl e fell on the employee, and the employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:20 a.m. on August 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in framing work at a multiemployer construction project, a three- story building.  He was working from the second floor and attempting to nail a p lywood board on the third floor joists.  As he was walking backward, Employee #1 fell through an opening and landed on the first floor, a fall height of 10 feet 3 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a right lung contusion and a minor spinal injury.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 14, 2020, Employee #1, employed by an elevator company , was performing maintenance on a customer's existing elevator.  The employee be came caught between the car door and the gate door and sustained fatal crushing injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On July 22, 2008, a truck driver was disconnecting the steel cable sling from a mobile crane when the extended boom of the crane made contact with an overhead power line. The truck driver was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 23, 2017, an employee was installing shingles on a roof. The employee detached his lanyard to reach a bundle of shingles, with the inten t to carry them back for installation. The employee fell 30 ft., sustaining a fr actured pelvis and other bodily injuries when landing on concrete lower level.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on October 31, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a commercial real est ate company, was performing his routine duties, including building maintenance. He began repairing a lighting fixture that was located approximately 11 feet abo ve the walking surface. Directly behind the lighting fixture was the room where the junction box with energized electrical wires were located. Employee #1 used an approximately 8 foot, a-frame, step ladder to gain access to the junction box containing the electrical connections. During the course of his work, he came i nto contact with the energized electrical wires. He fell off of the ladder from the electric shock and received fractures and a concussion. Employee #1's injuri es were treated at the hospital.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 24, 2016 and employee was climbing a ladder.  For unknow n reasons, the employee lost his balance and fell.  The employee landed on the s idewalk, received blunt force head trauma and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 11:09 on December 13, 2016, an employee removed the dump truck from the back of the roll off tow truck. The dump truck rolled forward and pinned the employee against the back end of the bed of the tow truck. The employee was killed from blunt force trauma .
caught_nonfatal	At 12:15 a.m. on July 10, 2019, an employee was attempting to reengage a forklif t mast chain when his finger got caught between the rollers. The employee was tr ansported to a local hospital, where he was hospitalized for the partial amputat ion of three fingers.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on October 5, 2020, an employee was making a delivery when he went to open the trailer door. He had his left foot on the ICC bumper, his right foot on the trailer frame, left hand on the door latch and the right hand on the doo r handle. As the employee released the door latch, his hand slipped off of the l atch and he lost his balance. The employee fell off of the trailer backwards ont o his feet stumbling backwards then onto his buttocks and then finally hitting t he back of his head on the pavement. The employee died of head trauma.
fall_fatal	At 1:56 p.m. on October 12, 2018, an employee was repairing a roof and stepped o nto an unsupported section.  The employee fell from the roof and struck his head on the concrete slab.  The employee was transported to the hospital and later d ied.
electrocution_fatal	On July 17, 2002, Employer #1, a laborer working for a masonry company, was entering a room where a tubular-framed scaffold had been erected. One of the scaffold legs had been set on top of an extension cord that was being used to power a industrial fan on the opposite side of the room. The extension cord ran underneath the scaffold's leg near the permanent outlet on the west end of the room and the cord was touching the scaffold at various points leading to the outlet. The weight of the scaffold cut through the extension cord, energizing the scaffold. When Employee #1 entered the room and passed through the door frame and the scaffold, he was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 5, 2013, an employee was cutting pipe and cut the grou nding wire.  The employee was then electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:18 a.m. on August 11, 2005, Employee #1 was part of a crew installing gutters and downspouts at a house under construction in Atlantic Beach, NC. He was on a ladder when he touched a 7,200-volt power line with a piece of aluminum downspout. Employee #1 was knocked off the ladder by the shock and fell 25 ft onto the concrete floor, striking the back of his head on the floor as he landed. Employee #1 was not breathing when Emergency Services arrived, but they were able to revive him. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he died 5:00 p.m. that same day.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 10, 2015 Employee #1 was working alone hanging drywall from a mobile interior scaffold inside a room of a building. When last seen, Emp loyee #1 was on the scaffold platform approximately 5.7 feet above the concrete floor. The employee was screwing drywall to the wall using an electric screw gun . A coworker, working in another room, heard Employee #1 yell and then heard a c rash. The coworker found Employee #1 unconscious on the floor with a small pool of blood around his head.  The scaffold was tipped over and was partially on top of Employee #1. The coworker called emergency medical service (EMS) and waited for EMS. The EMS transported Employee #1 to the hospital. Employee #1 died at th e hospital on December 16, 2015 from craniocerebral injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 22, 2019, Employee #1 was operating a Kubota Track Skid Steer SVL75 to grade an area where a residential building was to be constructed .  After finishing the grading, with the equipment bucket slightly elevated abov e the surface, Employee #1 placed his right foot forward and began to exit.  The lifting arm brace which holds the bucket fell/lowered, and the employee's foot was caught between the brace and the equipment frame.  The employee was transpor ted to the hospital for treatment of his foot injury and then released without h ospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 31, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers were installing and appl ying wall texture to the drywall inside a new one-story residence.  Employee #1, using an airless sprayer, had just finished applying a pre-coating to the inter ior walls.  He moved his sprayer outside to clean it.  The employee did not disc onnect the sprayer from the power supply, nor did he place the trigger safety de vice, before he began to disassemble the sprayer.  During this process, the spra yer activated and sprayed the employee's right hand between the thumb and index finger.  The employee sustained a laceration approximately one-half-inch long. In addition, the liquid prep-coating in the gun was sprayed into the employee's hand.  The employee initially refused outside medical treatment, but the followi ng day he transported himself to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatme nt of the injured hand.
fall_nonfatal	On March 22, 2017, an employee was making stucco mix. The employee got inside th e lift basket on the forklift to carry stucco mix to the work area.  The basket was unattached and fell off the forks, carrying the employee with it.  The emplo yee was hospitalized and treated for fractured cheekbone.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on March 3, 2021, an employee stood beside a ninety-four inch by tw o hundred inch metal concrete form as it was lowered to the floor by a crane. Wh en the form settled onto the floor, it slid towards the employee, who was caught between the form and a wall. The employee was killed by crushing injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On July 23, 2009, Employee #1, a wood cabinet installer, was installing a bathroom sink cabinet. He was cutting a 1-in. strip from a 34-in. by 33-in. square of 0.625-in. cabinet grade plywood. The saw was not equipped with a hood guard and the blade was adjusted to its maximum height. The saw was the property of another contractor on site, who was using this setup for plunge cutting window casings. Employee #1 did not have permission to use the saw. He was cutting the plywood from the wrong side of the blade, with the 1-in. cutoff piece against the fence. When the kerf exited the plywood panel, the larger portion held by Employee #1 was no longer secured against the fence. He lost control of the plywood, and his right hand struck the saw blade. He was hospitalized with an amputated middle, ring and small fingers.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:15 a.m. on January 10, 2022, an employee was working as a chicken feed deli very truck driver delivering feed to a local farm. The employee noticed an issue with the trailer feed auger so he opened the bottom access door to investigate. Before opening the access door, the employee turned the auger off using a remot e control attached to his belt. The employee stuck his right hand inside the aug er to check and see if the interior bolt was broken. At some point during his in vestigation, the auger started up and caught his hand in the mechanism. The empl oyee amputated his right hand requiring hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 11:52 a.m. on September 10, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were conducting exterior framing, on the second floor, of a newly constructed family dwelling. While completing detailed framing work, Employee #1 accidentally fell through a hole in the building frame and landed 14 feet below on a concrete pad.  Employee #1 sustained multiple blunt force injuries and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On September 24, 2013, Employee #1 was holding the loose winch cable when a coworker activated the winch to load 20 yard bins into the trailer. The loose cable tightened when the winch was activated. The employee's right index and middle fingers were caught and pinched in between the cable of a winch and the frame of a trailer truck. Employee #1 was transported to an area hospital, where he was treated for amputation of his right index and middle fingers.
fall_fatal	At 10:45 p.m. on June 1, 2014, Employee #1 was working from a double decker swin g stage scaffold installing new windows on a Federal Building. Employee #1, was the foreman in charge and was working on the top deck of the scaffold.  Employee #1 received a radio call from a coworker performing work on the ring beam, and stated that there was a problem setting a window.  Employee #1 climbed down the ladder to the bottom deck of the scaffold while using a personal fall arrest sys tem.  This was confirmed by a coworker who was assisting on the bottom deck of t he scaffold.  Another employee was working in the gang box and was going to help Employee #1 climb onto the ring beam.  The employee attempted to hold the scaff old close to the ring beam  while Employee #1 climbed the guard rail and onto th e ring beam.  The employee felt his hands slipping as Employee #1 was climbing o ut of the scaffold and when the employee looked back, Employee #1 fell between t he ring beam and scaffold frame approximately 40 feet onto a vestibule.  The emp loyee died due to severe trauma to the head and body.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 29, 2021, two employees worked to install a utility pol e. At some point, an energized power transmission line contacted the boom that E mployee #1, working as a lineman, stood in while working. The current traveled i nto the bucket truck where Employee #2, working as a foreman, who received an el ectric shock, and third degree burns to the chest and legs. The powerline then r e-contacted the bucket and created an arc flash that caused third degree burns t o Employee #1's face and chest. Employee #1 received CPR onsite, and both were h ospitalized to treat their injuries. Employee #1 later died at the hospital.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 p.m. on December 14, 2019, an employee and coworker were delivering an empty trailer and was to pick up a loaded trailer afterwards.  The employee went behind the truck to hook up the trailer and walked alongside the passenger side of the truck when done.  The coworker drove the truck forward while waiting for the employee, struck him, and parked the truck.  The coworker found the employe e laying on the ground in front of the truck and was unresponsive.  The employee was struck by the truck and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:20 p.m. on July 11, 2017, Employee #1 was assembling shelving. The employee was standing on an elevated work platform that was not secure. As the employee assembled the next level for rack shelving, the platform collapsed and Employee #1 fell 15 feet to the concrete floor below. The employee sustained fractures to his hip and lacerations to his head.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on September 27, 2018, an employee and two coworkers were standing on a concrete form while pouring concrete into concrete forms with a pressurized hose. The coworker #1 was holding the nozzle of the concrete hose and the emplo yee was holding the middle of the hose while coworker #2 was using a hand tool t o push the concrete into place. At some point, the hose became clogged and when the clog cleared, the hose whipped and the employee dropped the hose. The cowork er #1 lost control of the hose and a spray of concrete hit the employee in the c hest and knocked him off the form. The employee lost his balance and fell eight feet and was hospitalized with multiple fractured ribs.
electrocution_fatal	On March 7, 2008, Employee #1 was working as a lineman for Delaware Electric Cooperative, Inc. He was on call, and he got a call to bypass a faulty meter at a residence in Dagsboro, DE. Employee #1 went to the house and disconnected the incoming power (two 120-volt lines) before removing the meter and installing a temporary bypass in place of the meter. He then went back up in the aerial lift and restored the power by reattaching the two lines. Employee #1 was electrocuted when he contacted the two connections with his hands. It is believed that Employee #1 contacted the wires as he was pushing them away from the bucket before descending. Employee #1 was not wearing insulated gloves, insulated sleeves, or fall protection at the time of the accident, and he was working alone.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an exterior home improvem ents company, was working on the roof of a two-story residential building.  He w as installing valley tin when he unhooked his fall protection lanyard, because t he rope was caught on a roof jack.  Employee #1 fell onto the valley tin and the n to the ground, a fall height of approximately 20 feet.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for lacerations to his face and arms.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:31 a.m. on September 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing repair work at a multifamily residential building.  He wa s working from a metal extension ladder and installing a metal flashing to the b uilding.  The ladder was placed on tiled stairs leading to the building's front door.  The ladder kicked out, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for a fractured left wrist.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 12, 2004, Employee #1 was climbing a scaffold to help a coworker take measurements on a roof for placing double Ts when he contacted an energized, overhead power line. The shock caused him to fall from the scaffold to the ground, fracturing several ribs and a vertebra in his lower back. Employee #1 also sustained third-degree burns on his lower back, arms, and hands. The coworker was approximately 20 ft away on the scaffold and saw Employee #1 receive the electric shock. He began to descend to help Employee #1 when he touched a rebar that felt "hot" to him. The scaffold frame was within 32 in. of the power line, and no isolation or shielding of the line was in place.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on August 23, 2013, Employee #1 was part of a utility pole crew th at was installing a utility pole anchor, using a digger derrick truck. The digge r derrick truck boom made contact with a power line that was attached to an adja cent joint use utility pole as it swung around to the install the utility pole a nchor. Employee #1 received an electric shock and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on December 6, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in re-roofing a two-story residential structure.  He fell from t he roof, a fall height of 30 to 40 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for frac tures to his pelvis and right elbow.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on September 24, 2018, an employee was reading a measurement writte n on a soffit board while working to install a gutter. The employee was possibly standing on the roof or in the middle of ascending or descending a ladder when he fell approximately ten feet. The employee was hospitalized for a fracture to his vertebrae, which resulted in paralysis from the waist down.
fall_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on January 14, 2015, Employee #1 and a coworker were working as sub contractors at a multi-employer construction site for a residential building.  E mployee #1 was assisting a coworker in cutting wood for forming.  They were on t he second floor of the structure.  Employee #1 fell from an opening in the floor to the ground below, a fall height of 10.6 feet.  Employee #1 was killed in the fall.  A subsequent investigation determined that the employee had sustained fr actures to his vertebrae and face, and lacerations of his head and shoulder.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:30 p.m. on November 9, 2014, an employee was installing Groun d Rod. The vehicle rolled over the chock and the employee attempted to stop vehi cle. When he opened the door, he was knocked under the truck and run over by the left front tire. The employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on July 23, 2013, an employee was assisting two other coworkers in erecting a formwork that formed an outside corner of a basement.  The employee w as climbing a section in order to clamp the form together while one of the cowor kers worked on the opposite side of the formwork with an extension ladder restin g against one of the panels.  The coworker pushed on the wooden form to align it with the MEVA panel in order to create a smooth service.  The formwork began ro tating counterclockwise and fell over trapping the employee underneath it.  The second coworker pulled on the formwork that was suspended by an excavator to all ow the employee to escape from where he was being held by two pieces of formwork .  The employee was crushed when the formwork continued its spin and fell comple tely on top of the employee.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:20 p.m. on January 31, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was checking renovation work at a commercial building.  He was climbing a 10- foot A-frame ladder and was on the third rung when he fell, a fall height of 3 f eet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hos pital.  He was admitted and treated for a traumatic head injury.
struck_nonfatal	The worksite is an industrial building and asphalt lot used for storing and tran sporting walnuts and walnut shells.  At 11:57 a.m. on December 20, 2021, Coworke r #1 was using a forklift to load a flatbed trailer with bins of walnuts, while Employee #1 was analyzing how and where he could offload his truck full of walnu t shells. Coworker #1 was on the forklift, while Employee #1 was standing on the asphalt between his truck and flatbed trailer. These two trucks were parked a s hort distance away from each other.  In addition, bins of walnuts were also bein g filled by employees near Employee #1 and Coworker #1. These bins of walnuts ar e then staged on the asphalt, about 25 feet away from these two trucks.  Coworke r #1 would then grab two bins at a time, stacked on top of each other about 8-fe et high and drive in the forward direction to the flatbed trailer with his visio n obstructed. As Coworker #1 was driving forward with two bins obstructing his v ision, he inadvertently struck Employee #1 in the back as he was driving the for klift.  Employee #1 was knocked to the ground and pushed about 10 feet across th e asphalt.  Employee #1 sustained abrasions to the right leg and knee and was tr eated without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working from the roof of a commercial building.  He was applying new roofing ma terials when his tool belt was caught on a protruding metal flashing.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell off the roof to the paved sidewalk, a fall height o f less than 15 feet.  He landed on his feet.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fract ured right leg tibia.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:00 p.m. on September 9, 2021, an employee assisted in the installation of fiber line. At some point a lead line contacted an overhead power line. The empl oyee was electrocuted and killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on September 25, 2017, an employee was removing hurricane boards w hile working from a 25 feet ladder.  The employee lost his balance and fell 25 f eet to the ground, injuring his back.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 4, 2019, an employee installed exterior finish siding to a residence working from a scaffold. At some point, the employee fell approximatel y twenty feet into the gap between the residence and the scaffold platform. The employee was hospitalized for surgery to treat back injuries received.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on February 5, 2019, an employee was connecting a concrete shoring member while on a ladder.  The employee lost control of the shoring member and f ractured his left ankle when he fell from the ladder.  The employee was hospital ized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on September 15, 2017, an employee was climbing a ladder and the la dder began to slide along the I-beam, causing the employee to fall approximately 12 feet.  The employee fractured his leg and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On November 25, 2009, Employees #1 and #2, of Arlington County Department of Environmental Services, were working at a water main repair site. While moving a mobile light tower, the tower contacted an overhead power line and electrocuted Employee #1. Employee #2 received an electric shock during the incident. Both were hospitalized, Employee #1 died of electrocution.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on May 3, 2018, Employee #1 was attempting to fix a 3 phase 14,000/ 24976 downed power line.  As the employee spliced the two lines together, the li nes became energized and the employee was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on October 26, 2016, three workers were working to hang Densi Glas s, a sheetrock type of material. Employees #1 and #2 were working from a scaffol d that was approximately eight feet high, and Employee #3 was handing them mater ial from below.  During work, the scaffold tipped over, landing on Employee #3 a nd causing Employee #1 and Employee #2 to fall. All three employees were hospita lized for non-life threatening injuries that consisted of a bruised knee, a conc ussion, and a fractured rib.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on November 21, 2018, an employee had opened an electrical cabinet to determine what parts may be needed to finish repair work.  The equipment was energized at 13.2kV and the employee received an electric shock to his left ind ex finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 9:35 a.m. on July 28, 2018, Employee #1 was standing on a Werner, Model numbe r 6206, six foot ladder, removing masking paper from the roof of the patio after painting.  The employee had to reach overhead to remove the paper, lost his bal ance and fell with the ladder. He hit his head on the concrete floor and was tak en to a nearby hospital. Employee #1 was hospitalized for surgery, but died on J uly 29, 2018 at approximately 9:10 a.m.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny at a multiemployer construction project, the demolition of a multifamily resi dential complex, was engaged in demolition and siding work on the second floor o f a building.  He fell, a fall height of approximately 20 feet.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_fatal	At 7:25 a.m. on July 29, 2022, an employee was inside the building. The building experienced an unplanned collapse, where the 520-foot long side walls fell outw ard and the wood truss roof structure fell down. The employee was killed due to traumatic asphyxia.
electrocution_fatal	On September 17, 2003, Employee #1 and a coworker were working on the replacement of an old bridge. The bridge had been torn down but water had accummulated and needed to be pumped out before new construction could begin. The employees were using an Gehl rough-terrain forklift, model 883, to place a hydraulic submersible 8 in. pump in the water. The pump was attached to a 20 ft 10 in. long by 1/2 in. wide wire rope with an eye on one end that was placed on one of the tines of the fork. The forklift was positioning the pump when it contacted a 7,200 volt overhead power line. Employee #1, who was on the right side of the forklift, was electrocuted. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
struck_fatal	At 6:37 p.m. on June 27, 2022, an employee had just removed a panel of roof shea thing from a rooftop when he stepped onto the underlying roof insulation and fel l through the roof. The employee was not using fall protection and fell approxim ately 18 feet. As the employee fell, he struck a cabinet,  shelving, and the con crete floor and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 7, 2019, Employee #1, a subcontractor employed by a constru ction company, was working at a construction project for a one-story commercial building.  He was nailing plywood at a height of 13 feet when he fell.  The empl oyee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of mul tiple fractured ribs.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 22, 2009, Employee #1 had his hand on an exposed belt and pulley when he apparently lost his footing and began to fall. He held onto the belt and his right fingers rolled around a large pulley, causing lacerations and crushing injuries to two fingers. The electrical motor to the belt and pulley had not been energized at the time of the incident.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 15, 2019, an employee directed concrete flowing down an "elephant trunk" from a plastic hopper situated on the raised forks of a forklif t. At some point, the hopper fell approximately nine feet from the forks and str uck the employee working below. The employee was taken to the hospital and admit ted to treat fractures to the left leg and shoulder.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 2, 2018, an employee was working on a roof removing old d ecking. One of the pieces of decking became stuck and when it sprang free, bumpe d the employee who then fell twenty feet through a roof opening. The employee wa s hospitalized for elbow, hand, and ankle fractures and a dislocated shoulder.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on September 19, 2017, Employee #1 had been driving a semi-tractor/trailer vehicle. He was found dead near the back end of a semi-tr ailer with the doors of the trailer open. Four bundles of plastic recycled scrap materials were located nearby him. It was presumed that the material fell out o f the trailer and struck him in his head. An autopsy of his body revealed head f ractures.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 26, 2018, an employee was working to install a tub in an apartment. As the employee lowered the tub into place, the employee's thumb was caught between the tub and the wood framing the tub would sit on. The employee w as treated and released at a local hospital for a crush injury to his thumb tip. The employee returned on a follow-up medical visit and it was medically determi ned that the thumb had to be partially amputated due to the injury.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 29, 2019, an employee was installing copper around a larg e bay window.  As he was on top of the window and connected to a vertical life l ine, which was installed above, and was using a propane torch to heat up the cop per panels and a hammer to flatten it, the life line broke. The employee struck the ground and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on June 24, 2019, an employee went to unlatch the winch line from t he drill collar when his hand got caught between the chain and the drill collar that was still rotating.  The employee fractured four fingers and was admitted t o the hospital.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 5, 2018, an employee was working for a masonry contractor. He was working from the third tier-side bracket of a welded frame scaffold apply ing stucco to the exterior of a building. He walked off the end of the side brac ket scaffold plank. He fell and landed on the ground. He sustained a fractured s kull. He was transported to the hospital. He died within two hours of falling.
caught_nonfatal	On August 2, 2018, an employee was removing an attachment to the forklift's mast and shook it when it would not release.  The employee pinched and fractured two fingers on his left hand when a rear sliding part of the attachment was loosene d and caught his fingers.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical service s company, was engaged in electrical work at a multiemployer construction projec t, an existing commercial building. He was updating the switchgear when an arc f lash occurred.  Employee #1 was burned in the explosion.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for his burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 10, 2004, Employee #1 was performing his regular duties on a work site when he stepped on some corrugated metal decking and suffered an electric shock. He sustained injuries that required hospitalization. Subsequent investigation revealed the source of the current to be an arc welding cable that was not fully insulated and that was laying on the courogated metal decking within a water-filled trough.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on July 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at a two-story water treatment plant.  To retrieve a water nozzle, he climbed a ladder onto the roof deck.  After retrieving the water nozzle, he ste pped on a piece of plywood covering the stairway opening.  The plywood flipped d own, and the employee fell through the opening, a fall height of 15 feet, and st ruck the concrete floor.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and trea ted for fractures to his wrist and pelvis.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on February 28, 2017, an employee was working for a finish carpentr y contractor. He was making a wooden template and he was doing this by performin g a plunge cut with a dado blade installed on a table saw. The piece of wood bei ng cut was kicked back.  When this occurred, the employee's left hand struck the saw blade.  Part of the middle finger on his left hand was amputated and he was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on April 17, 2017, an employee was repairing a section of wall with one foot on a 6 foot high wall and a second foot on an A-frame ladder that was in a closed position.  The employee lost his balance and fell from the ladder to the concrete floor.  The employee was hospitalized for 10 days and had surgery performed to fix the fracture to his left leg.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 4, 2016, an employee was rolling out ice guard and cuttin g it to size, in order to be installed on a back porch roof.   The employee was cutting it to size with a handheld razor blade knife in the hallway section of t he second floor. The employee is believed to have backed up and fell through a s tairwell opening of second floor.  Employee fell about 25 feet through stairwell opening to basement level. No one saw this incident happen. There is some quest ion about whether or not the guardrails that were in place (at this location) wh en the CSHO's arrived at the site.
caught_fatal	At 5:30 a.m. on August 12, 2016, an employee was replacing a proximity switch on #16 Alpha Sheer when the Sheer returned to its home position and crushed him. The employee was caught between the Sheer head and the rear of the machine.
electrocution_fatal	On the morning of November 29, 2006, Employee #1, an apprentice plumber for C. Reading, Inc., was dispatched to a residence to unclog a kitchen sink. When attempts to clear the sink from inside the house were unsuccessful, he dug n approximately 3 ft wide by 1 1/2 ft deep hole to reach the main drain pipe outside the house so that a rotating sewer machine could be used. Cable from the rotating machine was pushed into the pipe. Employee #1 was using a hose to help unclog the pipe, and the hole he had dug filled with water. He was apparently standing in the hole when he suffered a severe electric shock and yelled out. The homeowner saw him lying on the ground and called the company. When coworkers arrived, they found Employee #1, face down, with the lower half of his body in the hole. Paramedics were called and Employee #1 was transported to Eastern New Mexico Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead at 11:49 a.m. The power cord to the rotating sewer machine was spliced on the plug end, which had no ground pin attached. The extension cord being used also had no ground pin attached and was plugged into a light-duty household cord belonging to the homeowner; this was plugged into a standard receptacle inside the house. An unprotected, energized wire ran down the exterior wall of the house from a panel box just above the water-filled hole in which Employee #1 was standing when he was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 30, 2021, an employee worked from an improvised, elevated platform to paint the ceiling above a staircase. At some point, the employee fe ll approximately ten feet from the platform and struck their head on the stairs. The employee was transported to the hospital to treat the head injuries, where the employee died.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 28, 2018, an employee was standing on the fork tines of a Crown RR Powered Industrial Vehicle (PIV) and had the operator lift him up to the second bin of the racking system to remove a box. The employee put the box onto the tines and had the operator move the forklift.  The employee pinched his finger between the top mast of the forklift and its frame as the forks were low ered and amputated his finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:05 p.m. on June 1, 2020, an employee and a coworker were attempting to move a forty foot aluminum extension ladder that was extended to thirty feet. The em ployee had both hands on the ladder and the coworker had one hand on the ladder as they moved the ladder. At some point the ladder made contact with the "C" pha se of an overhead electrical line powered at 7620 volts. The electric shock knoc ked the coworker from the ladder uninjured and killed the employee by electrocut ion.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 27, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction equipmen t supplier and construction debris hauler, was unloading roadway demotion debris at a material recycling plant.  He was operating a CE-02 Ten-Wheel Dump Truck. Employee #1 was standing behind the truck's lifted bed and attempting to remove some debris that was stuck on the truck bed's floor.  The lift gate was in the unlocked position.  The debris became free from the bed, slid down, pushed the l ift gate open, fell, and struck Employee #1's left ankle.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a displaced triple fracture of the ankle.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:45 a.m. on November 28, 2014, an employee was talking with ot her coworkers inside the building. While they were talking, the mezzanine collap sed, resulting in the employee being trapped and three other coworkers escaping unharmed.  The fire department and the police department emergency services unit s removed portions of the collapsed building to free the workers. The employee s uffered compression of the torso below rubble from a collapsed building and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:34 p.m. on April 20, 2017, an employee was installing metal  framing studs while standing on a stack of drywall adjacent to a wall opening. The employee fe ll 18 feet from above a guarded elevator shaft through the wall opening. He sust ained a traumatic brain, acute right subdural hematoma with hemorrhagic contusio n and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 27, 2003, Employee #1, of Morse Electric Inc., was installing three new fuses inside of a 480 volt panel. The electrical panel door was open, but the switch had not been shut off. The fuse had been inserted in the hot side of the panel when the other end of the fuse grounded against the metal of the panel that caused an arc flash. Employee #1 suffered an electric shock and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on January 25, 2020, Employee 1 and Employee 2 used an aerial lift (Genie Aerial Lift, Model #S85XC) to position under a precast concrete beam to r eplace three-eighth inch metal plates with one-inch-thick plates to install the beam. As they worked, a coworker observed the beam the employees worked on and a n adjacent beam collapsed. The beam landed on top of the employees in the aerial lift and pinned them in the basket. The employees were hospitalized to treat th e injuries received. Employee 1 received a spinal injury and a hip fracture, and Employee 2 received rib fractures and facial injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on May 31, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was working at a commercial building, terminating wires in an electrical panel .  The electrical panel was not de-energized.  An arc flash occurred, and the em ployee was severely burned.  The employee was transported to the hospital and ad mitted for treatment of second and third degree burns over  55% to 65% of his bo dy.
caught_nonfatal	On 01/11/11, EE#1 was replacing a chain and sprocket on the Pre-Cleaner when another Employee started the machine. The left hand of EE#1 was caught in the sprocket, resulting in serious injuries requiring surgery to repair.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:19 a.m. on December 9, 2021, an employee was installing chains and binders to secure a Gleaner R75 combine to a Landoll detachable lowboy heavy haul traile r when the combine rolled forward off the outriggers and pinned him between comb ine and the trailer. The employee was hospitalized to treat multiple injuries.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on April 7, 2017, an employee was using an impact wr ench just before the accident.  Employee was under the part affixed to the fixtu re when two welded studs holding it to the support arms broke. The 3,000 pound p art fell atop the employee working beneath it.  At the time of the accident, the positioner arms were inverted so that the part was upside down, and was support ed solely by the two butt welded bolts. The employee was crushed and killed.
electrocution_fatal	On March 25, 2009, Employee #1 was an electronic technician working at an Army research laboratory. He was killed when he disconnected equipment between tests on a research project, and was electrocuted by an unexpected release of electrical energy.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on February 20, 2017, an employee was placing caulk o n the top plate of a wall for a modular home component. The employee was reachin g to caulk the top plate, when he slipped, and fell to the ground in the area be tween the catwalk and setback on the modular home. The employee suffered a punct ured lung and fractured ribs, collar bone and a toe injury. The employee was hos pitalized and treated for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on December 22, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roo fing contractor, were assigned to evaluate the condition of a commercial buildin g's roof and make simple repairs, as needed, in preparation for the building's s ale.  They were on the roof when Employee #1 stepped onto a skylight that was fl ush with the roof deck.  The skylight failed to support Employee #1 and collapse d, sending Employee #1 falling to the concrete surface, a fall height of 21 feet .  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admi tted for treatment of blunt force traumatic head and chest injuries.  Employee # 1 died at the hospital on January 10, 2021.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on May 21, 2019, Employee #1, a laborer employed by a framing cont ractor, was working at a construction project, a two-story residential structure .  He was using a portable circular saw when he cut his left thumb.  He was tran sported to the hospital, treated, and released after 7 hours.  However, the thum b became infected.  He returned to the hospital, where the thumb required amputa tion.
fall_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on May 3, 2021, an employee was standing on a 24 foot Louisville Mo del FE3224 Extension Ladder troubleshooting a TV satellite system when he fell a pproximately fifteen feet. At the time he fell, he had been trimming a tree with a STIHL Model MS271-Z.325 SPUR FarmBoss chain saw. He suffered injuries from im pact with the ground and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 27, 2017, Employee #1 was welding on the exterior wal l of a waste water storage tank. The tank became over-pressurized, causing an ex plosion. Employee #1 fell to the concrete floor below and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 21, 2017, an employee was setting up for continuation o f masonry of the chimney.  The employee fell from some height; however, the repo rt did not provide sufficient information to describe the accident itself as wel l as the extent of the employee's injuries.  The employee did suffer punctured l ungs, broken ribs, and head trauma.
electrocution_fatal	On September 8, 2008 Employee #1, an electric utility employee, was servicing 4160 volts phase to phase bare electric live lines. Employee #1 was working from an aerial lift bucket and was wearing the required personal protective equipment. While doing the work, Employee #1 collapsed into the truck bucket. Electrocution was the suspected cause of death.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on March 30, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a bridge construction company, were working at a multiemployer bridge construction proje ct.  The coworker was operating a Grove RT760E crane, and Employee #1 was prepar ing to offload counter weights.  The crane lunged forward, and Employee #1 was r un over.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a crushed pelvis.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on August 22, 2016, an employee was dismantling a six story scaffol d when it collapsed.  The employee fell approximately 40 to 50 feet to a concret e surface. The employee suffered severe head trauma and internal injuries and wa s killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 26, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an asph alt paving contractor, were unloading a paver from a trailer.  As Employee #1 wa s unloading tools from the paver, the coworker operating the paver began to move the paver off the trailer.  Employee #1's foot was caught and pinched/crushed b etween the paver and the ground.  Employee #1 required hospitalization and treat ment for the foot injury.
struck_fatal	At 6:15 a.m. on September 11, 2015, Employee #1 was talking with the operator of a forklift that was to load a cage of live birds onto the employee's truck. The operator of the forklift had not been authorized to use the equipment and when the operator mounted the forklift to retrieve the cage, he struck and killed Emp loyee #1.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 a.m. on November 17, 2017, an employee was talking with a team member an d caught his left hand's middle finger between a reefer and a fixture.  The empl oyee's finger was amputated and he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on March 7, 2018, Employee #1, foreman for a fencing company's sto rage yard, was transferring fencing material from the 6.5-foot high forks of a f orklift onto a storage rack.  The material consisted of galvanized pipes measuri ng approximately 21 feet long.  Employee #1 subsequently estimated he had placed pipes weighing approximately 660 pounds onto the storage rack.  As he rolled an other pipe onto the rack, the rack collapsed, and all the pipes previously place d on the rack fell, with some landing on Employee #1's right leg.  Emergency ser vices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admi tted and treated for a fractured right tibia that required surgery.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 20, 2018, an employee attempted to remove a plumb lin e marking from window openings. The employee removed an approximately two-inch l ong nail from the window, when released was pulled by the tension on the plumb l ine towards the employee's eye. The nail penetrated and ruptured the employee's eye and the employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment, where it was d etermined that the employee received permanent loss of vision to the eye.
struck_nonfatal	On February 07, 2014, Employee #1, a truck lift operator, was driving a Raymond lift truck. The employee also operated a stand-up-reach forklift truck in the warehouse. Employee #1 was driving the lift truck through the cross aisle in reverse mode. At the cross aisle a pallet was stored on the floor and the flooring was wet due to recent rains. As he turned at the cross aisle, he drove through a puddle of water causing the forklift to skid, crashing into another parked forklift. The employee had placed his left foot slightly outside onto the grated floor, causing his left ankle was pinched between the two lift trucks. Employee #1 was transported to Los Angeles County USC Medical center, where he was treated for a fracture to his left ankle and was hospitalization for approximately eight days.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on January 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contra ctor, was installing a steel band around a utility pole.  The employee lost cont rol of the tool he was using, and the tool hit the energized electrical line.  A n arc flash occurred, and the employee's face was exposed to the extreme heat pr oduced.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for facial burns.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on February 8, 2018, an employee was setting up a double-wide home trailer with a coworker.  The employee was rolling out a plastic sheet underneat h a mobile home to form a vapor barrier with the mobile home lifted and resting on jacks before it gave way.  The employee was caught under the trailer and was crushed and killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 p.m. on November 1, 2014, an employee was assisting in unhooking a tank er from semi-truck for delivery with several coworkers.  The employee stepped in to a blind spot on the passenger side of the tractor being moved and was run ove r when one of the coworkers moved the tractor forward to disconnect it.
fall_fatal	At 9:20 a.m. on January 5, 2018, an employee was installing HVAC unit ducts.  Th e employee fell from a roof opening onto a concrete floor and was killed due to head trauma.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:15 a.m. on March 9, 2016, an employee stepped out onto a plan k extended into an elevator shaft to perform drywall operations. The employee fe ll 27 feet to the concrete floor below and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On July 14, 2005, Employee #1, of Meadow Burke Products, was making adjustments to a resistance welder during a changeover. She contacted a 440 volt energized knife switch located on the inside door of the welder and was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:15 p.m. on June 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as at the site of a road paving project.  He was conducting maintenance on a con veyor that had been locked out and tagged out.  A metal plate/door operated by a pneumatic cylinder closed and caught Employee #1's arm.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured arm.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 20, 2018, an employee was using a portable cutting tor ch to cut a steel plate in the maintenance area but he did not secure the steel plate he was cutting to the table. When the employee lifted the torch to adjust the cut, the steel plate fell off the table striking his foot. After a period of time, the foot wound became infected and the employee was hospitalized for a bl ood infection.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:19 p.m. on March 29, 2017, Employee #1 was pulling copper wir e for recycling and he came in contact with a live high voltage wire.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 9, 2018, an employee was cleaning gutters from the roof when he slipped and fell approximately 20 feet to the ground.  The employee frac tured several ribs and pelvis as well as sustaining an injury to his back.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:45 p.m. on August 1, 2016, an employee, a carpenter, was fram ing roofing trusses at a new commercial gas station.  The employee fell 13.6 fee t to the concrete ground and was transported by Emergency Services to the hospit al where he passed away 10 days later from injuries sustained from the fall.  Th e employee was wearing an individual body harness but was not properly adjusted to limit a fall to 6 feet or less.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 3, 2007, Employee #1 was using a ladder for wiring an overhead flourescent light in the hallway of a building that was being renovated into a laboratory. He asked a coworker to turn on the light and was working it while energized. Employee #1 was twisting the hot wires together when one or more of his fingers contacted the wire. He sustained a minor shock and jumped from the ladder. As he came down, his arm was lacerated when it became caught on the metal of the flourescent light. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and released the same day. He suffered no ill effects from the electrical shock.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on November 16, 2005, Employee #1 was upgrading the electrical system as part of a remodeling project for a 5-story commercial building. Employee #1 had installed several Siemens electrical panels Siemens with 1,200 amp capacity, in a basement electrical room. The panels contained conductors which were connected directly to the city power grid by blue temporary wires. Employee #1 was correcting some grounding and/or bonding conductors in a panel containing energized 120 to 240 volt conductors. He was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At about 2:15 p.m. on August 29, 2014, Employee #1 was checking to see if the lo ad on a flatbed truck had shifted.  He was standing on the ground checking the t ie down straps.  A strap loosened and the load fell over onto Employee #1.  He r eceived crushing chest and abdominal injuries and was asphyxiated.
struck_fatal	At 5:19 a.m. on February 4, 2016, an employee was standing behind a tractor trai ler that was in reverse-gear. The trailer crushed the employee against the loadi ng dock and he was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on June 11, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in forming work for a new water/sewer treatment  plant.  He was removing a 4 by 6 wood board used in the forming when his finger became pinched between the board and the plywood above h im.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for a fi nger avulsion and released.  NOTE: Employer reported this as avulsion, OSHA ente red amputation in report.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:15 p.m. on June 9, 2021, an employee was operating the cement mixer.  Then the sand and cement mix had caked on the side of the mixer. The em ployee stuck his hand through the guard to remove the sand/cement on the inside side of the mixer. The employee amputated his fingers and was hospitalized for t reatment.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on December 3, 2014, Employee #1 was driving an aerial lift onto a transport trailer to return it to a rental company. The employee was operating the lift from the aerial basket and was secured to it by a lanyard.  The aerial lift was not centered on the trailer, so the employee was attempting to correct its position. The left front wheel slid off of the trailer causing the aerial li ft to fall off the trailer and roll over onto its left side.  Employee #1 was th rown out of the basket, hitting his head and upper body on an adjacent steel sto rage box, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	On July 26, 2004, Employees #1 and #2 were using an aluminum extension ladder to paint the front of a church/meeting house and the box on the roof. Running parallel to the side of the building was an approximately 32 ft 10 in. tall overhead power line. The phase closest to the building, called the field side phase, was approximately 10 ft from the edge of the roof. Employees #1 and #2 had finished for the day and they were starting to take down the 35 ft tall ladder when it contacted the approximately 13.8 kilovolt power line, acting as a path to ground. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2 fell backward and sustained a contusion to the back of his head; he also suffered burns on his feet. Both workers were transported to Danbury Hospital, where Employee #1 was pronounced dead on arrival. Employee #2 was hospitalized for treatment of his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:15 p.m. on November 8, 2018, an employee was working for a firm that bottl ed and distributed soft drinks. He was standing and about to make a phone call, when a forklift ran into him. He suffered fractures to his leg and ankle. He was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was using an extension ladder to hang lights on the exterior of a local historical building. An overhead power line ran parallel to the front of the building, approximately 4 meters from the work area. While repositioning the aluminum extension ladder, the extension ladder contacted the power line, electrocuting the employee.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 2:45 p.m. on March 29, 2017, an employee was setting up bracket scaffolding at a new residential construction site. The employer was engaged in residential new home framing.  The employee was on the fifth floor when he lost his footing and fell to the surrounding ground.  The employee was not wearing f all protection when he was setting up the bracket scaffolding.  The employee suf fered from multiple fractures.  The employee was hospitalized for greater than 2 4 hours as a result of the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:50 p.m. on May 15, 2018, an employee was installing a metal panel to the u nderside of an exterior escalator while standing on scaffold support structure w ithout guardrails. The employee fell eight feet off of the scaffold and received fractures to his right wrist, left cheek bone, and right knee. Additionally, th e employee received facial lacerations and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on December 20, 2021, an employee was cutting a tree limb with a po le saw. The tree turned over and rolled, striking the employee with a limb. The employee was hospitalized to treat a fracture to the hip.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on August 8, 2016, Employee #1 was unloading a large container from pickup truck from a loading dock using a forklift. He positioned himself between the container load and the forklift. The forklift was on a sligh t incline, engine running, transmission in neutral, and parking brake was off. T he forklift moved off the loading dock onto the pickup truck bed which resulted in Employee #1 being caught between forklift and the load. Employee #1s chest a nd head were crushed between the forklift mast and the container. Employee #1 di ed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:02 a.m. on July 31, 2019, Employee 1 and Employee 2 stood on a metal scaffo lding plank that was secured at one end to begin painting the underside of a bri dge. When Employee 3 attempted to join them on the plank, the scaffolding pin an d support pole broke, and all three employees fell approximately twenty-five fee t. Coworkers immediately called for emergency medical responders and attempted t o provide basic first aid. All three employees were hospitalized to treat their injuries. Employee 1 received a fractured right scapula, radius and ulna, and mu ltiple contusions, abrasions, and lacerations to the entire body. Employee 2 rec eived a four-inch head laceration, and contusions, abrasions, and minor lacerati ons to the entire body. Employee 3 received fractures to the left wrist and fore arm, and contusions, abrasions, and minor lacerations to the entire body.
struck_fatal	At approximately 6:45 p.m. on June 12, 2015, Employee #1 and coworkers were towi ng a jib of a hydraulic crane. They folded the lattice jib to the boom and unpin ned the jib at its base.  The jib was not appropriately secured, nor pinned to t he boom. The tip fell onto the Employee #1, killing him.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on January 16, 2019, Employee #1 was operating a Bobcat S70 Skid St eer loader with a grapple-bucket attachment inside of a building to demolish the walls and remove the debris materials at the jobsite. During the course of work , a piece of debris came out over the bucket near the operator cab area. Employe e # 1 placed his right foot outside of the cab to dislodge the debris. While his right foot was outside of the cab, his left foot inadvertently lowered the lift arm of the bucket and caught his right leg between the support frame and the bu cket attachment. Employee #1 sustained a right leg fracture and was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was setting forms for pouring concrete.  He was operating a Skilsaw circular saw to cut wood for the forms when his right hand's middle finger came into con tact with the saw blade.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a laceration to the finger.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 9, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was operating a power saw to cut concrete at a construction site.  Employee #1 removed the saw's belt guards and he started up the saw and heard a problematic noise.  He went around to the front of the saw to check the belt.  The saw was running, but the belt was damaged.  A belt tail that he could not see caught his hand and pulled it into the spinning saw blade.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for an amputated thumb and two amputated fingers.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in exterior carpentry at a commercial building.  He was working from an A-frame ladder and using a cordless Skilsaw circular power saw.  The saw hit a nail, which caused it to kick up.  The blade struck Employee #1's fingers.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for the amputation of his index and middle finger t ips.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on November 1, 2013, an employee was prying the driveshaft from the yoke.  The employee removed the four bolts and attempted to pry the shaft from the yoke when the driveshaft fell out under tension, striking the employee in th e head.  The employee was killed from blunt trauma to their head.
struck_fatal	At 9:39 a.m. on June 5, 2020, an employee was placing several sheets of oriented strand boards (OSB) on a temporary OSB stand. At some point, the stand collapse d and the sheets of OSB fell onto the employee and knocked the employee off the roof. After the employee struck the ground, the falling sheets of OSB then lande d on top of the employee. The employee was killed by injuries received in the fa ll and by the falling objects striking the employee.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:44 a.m. on September 27, 2008, Employee #1 was killed when his vehicle drove off the right side of the roadway and rolled.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on July 23, 2104, Employee #1 was installing a light pole when he came in contact with an energized electrical wire, 110 volts.  Empl oyee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:33 a.m. on January 30, 2017, an employee was removing a fuse from a switch box using a trigger type hot stick. The employee sustained superficial partial thickness burns to the hands and face from an arc flash.
caught_fatal	At 11:35 a.m. on July 23, 2020, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a residential c onstruction company, were working in a trench at a site where a new single famil y residence was being built.  The trench collapsed.  The two employees, caught i n the collapsed dirt, were killed as a result of traumatic asphyxia.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on October 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was acting as the company foreman at a multiemployer construction project, a single family residential building.  He and coworkers were installing sheathing over joists on the carport roof.  As he prepared to lay a plywood sheet onto the joists, Employee #1 slipped and fell between two joists, a fall height of 11 fe et.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital.  He was admitted and treated for a skull fracture, fractures to his nose a nd left wrist, and other head injuries.
caught_fatal	At approximately 8:45 a.m. on August 23, 2021, an employee was working in a 7.5- foot deep trench installing a 24-inch water pipe.  The employee was waiting for a Peterson Products 24-inch pipe plug to be lowered into position. The employee was standing in a 7.5-foot deep trench while the coworker was operating a John D eere 350G excavator (Product Identification Number 1FF350GXELF814286) with a JRB PowerLatch coupler and a Paladin 54 inch excavator bucket.  The coworker was us ing the excavator and bucket to lower a Peterson Products 24-inch pipe plug to t he employee.  As the coworker swung the excavator around, the bucket detached fr om the coupler.  The employee was caught under the bucket.  The employee was cru shed and killed by the falling excavator bucket.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 8, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a build ing exteriors company, were working at a residential construction project.  They were installing a waterproofing/insulating siding wrap to the house's exterior. The roof above the front porch began to collapse, and Employee #1 was struck b y the falling material.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis an d contusions to his lower back and torso.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:12 p.m. on January 28, 2020, an employee used a Roto-hammer to drill holes. At some point, the employee's gloved hand was entangled into the rotating bit o f the tool. The employee received an amputation to a finger and was treated with out hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 30, 2019, Employee #1 was working on a steel roof instal lation at a commercial building.  As he waited for material to be loaded onto th e roof, he moved a roll of insulation.  During this process, he fell through a s kylight, a fall height of 15 feet, and his head struck the surface.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital for treatment of traumatic head injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was operating a scissor lift at a multiemployer construction site.  As the lif t moved, material held by the lift fell over and struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for compound fractures of the leg.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on April 3, 2019, Employee #1 was initiating the arc-welding to the davit #6 (a Harkrader Gravity Davit), manufactured by Marine Safety Equipment C orporation in 1985.  The davit was located on the starboard side of the ship.  W hen he setup the welder near the bottom of the davit, the wire rope holding the davit arm in place broke in two and the davit arm went from the "stowed" positio n to the swung-out position.  When the wire rope broke, the davit arm swung down and struck the employee, killing him.   According to the testing done by the Sa lt lake City Technical Center, the wire rope failed due to the electrical curren t that passed through it resulting in an electrical arc, which allowed the davit arm to swing down.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on October 25, 2017, an employee was working at a firm engaged in g eneral warehousing and storage. He was operating a rider electric pallet jack to pick orders from rack aisles. He was not looking in his direction of travel. Th e pallet jack struck a rack and his hand was caught between the handle of the pa llet jack and a rack. He sustained a fracture to his hand and he was hospitalize d.
caught_fatal	At approximately 6:00 p.m. on December 9, 2020, an employee was closing an air t ank petcock valve located between the dual wheels of a trailer.  The trailer fra me lowered when the employee's head was caught between the trailer frame and a t railer tire.  The employee was killed after suffering head fractures and suffoca tion.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on October 27, 2021, an employee was aligning the manure conveyor b elt in the chicken house of an egg farm when his fingers got caught in the gears of the belt. The employee was hospitalized to treat a finger amputation.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a drywall/insulation co ntractor, was engaged in installation work at a commercial building.  He was usi ng a 24-foot extension ladder to reach above the drop ceiling when the ladder sl ipped, causing him to fall 12 feet with the ladder.  The employee was transporte d to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fracture to his left leg femur a nd tibia bones.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 18, 2004, Employee #1 was splicing a cable TV line when the boom of the truck from which he was working became caught in live electrical wires. When he finished the job, he stood up in the basket and suffered an electric shock when he contacted the upper live wire overhead power line. Employee #1 was transported to he hospital, where he was admitted for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on September 29, 2011, Employee #1 and three coworkers, all construction laborers, were installing a new metal roof on a pole building with a peak height of 15 feet. A 4,800-volt power line was located near the structure, approximately 4.25 feet from the rake edge, and approximately 7 feet above the eave's edge of the roof. He was installing an 18-ft section of metal trim on the northwest side of the rake edge. A coworker heard a buzzing sound, went to investigate, and found Employee #1 lying on the ground, unresponsive, along with the section of metal trim. Employee #1 and the section of metal trim showed evidence of contact with the energized electrical power line. He was dead at the site. .
caught_nonfatal	On October 4, 2011, Employee #1, an employee of Brent Pullin Excavation, was wrapping a chain around a truck's rear frame at his employer's maintenance yard. The company owner, operating a tractor with a raised bucket, was bringing the tractor to the back of the same truck. The raised bucket created an obstructed view and the company owner did not see Employee #1. Employee #1 was caught between the bucket and truck. Employee #1 sustained serious injury to both legs and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on February 7, 2019, an employee was moving an elevated platform i nto position to start work when a semi-trailer drove past and caused the platfor m to swing.  The employee lost his balance and fell, striking his head against t he concrete walkway.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 2, 2019, an employee worked to remove a bird nest, contac ted a seventy-two-hundred-volt line, and received electrical shock and burn. Emp loyee was hospitalized to treat the injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 8, 2022, an employee was working for a firm that grew and distributed avocados throughout the area. He drove light trucks. The firm wa s shipping pallets of avocados for the upcoming Super Bowl. The employee was ope rating a Nissan UniCarrier rider pallet jack carrying an order of avocados. He w as inside a cooler. The pallet jack stopped automatically after it struck an ang le iron located along the edges of the floor of the cooler. The employee got off the pallet jack and started walking away, when he fell over the guide rail, ont o the epoxy floor. His right leg struck an angle iron when he fell. He suffered a hip fracture. He was hospitalized. He reported no problems with the pallet jac k, and he was a certified operator. The local fire department reported the incid ent to DOSH by phone on February 8, 2022. The employer reported the incident on February 9, 2022. By the time of the investigation, the scene of the incident ha d been changed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on March 10, 2018, an employee struck one of four wooden shores tha t was holding a Solatube form holding a 6,000 lb recently poured concrete column and it toppled over.  The employee was pinned between the column and an excavat ion wall when the column fell.  The employee fractured his pelvis and was hospit alized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:39 a.m. on May 8, 2019, an employee walked to get off the roof, tripped, an d fell. The employee received a laceration to the abdomen from falling onto thei r tool belt and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 23, 2021, an employee used a hand-held electric auger to d rill tiedowns into the ground. The auger struck an underground powerline, electr ocuted and killed the employee.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on May 16, 2015, an employee was operating an aerial lift, contacte d overhead power lines, and was electrocuted to death.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a three-story residential building site.  He was dismantling a scaffold when he slipped and fell.  Emergency services were called, and Employ ee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a f ractured right wrist and a laceration to the bridge of his nose.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on April 1, 2019, an employee helped to pour concrete on the secon d level of a parking garage. The employee attempted to lift a Fresno trowel with a five-foot handle, made contact with a thirteen thousand volt power line and w as electrocuted. The employee was hospitalized to treat injuries received.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on April 12, 2018, Employee #1, a helper, and his Coworker, a sheet metal installer, employed by a heating and air conditioning company, were insta lling a new air system at a renovation project, a movie theater.  They were work ing from a scissor lift to drill holes in the ceiling.  Employee #1 could not re ach the ceiling from the lift's platform, so he climbed onto a grease duct.  The duct could not support his weight, and it broke.  Employee #1 fell, a fall heig ht of approximately 28 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 wa s transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injurie s, including fractures to his right foot and right shoulder, lacerations to his right hand, and compression injuries to the spine.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on August 13, 2019, an employee was working for a firm that engaged in administrative management and general management consulting services. Among other things, the firm managed material handling facilities. The employee was dr iving a tugger. She was traveling down an aisle, when she fell off or was thrown from the tugger. She fell onto a concrete floor. She sustained a head injury. S he was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 6:00 p.m. on April 4, 2017, an employee was hooking a water pum p to a sling. The crane boom or load line contacted an overhead power line. The employee was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on April 11, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was handling roofing insulation sheets on the roof of a four-story commercial buildi ng.  He was close to the edge and outside of the warning line when he fell, a fa ll height of 60 feet.  A witness reported that a gust of wind blew Employee #1 o ff the roof.  Employee #1, who sustained traumatic injuries, including to his he ad, face, and neck, was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 11, 2018, an employee was moving inventory with a powered i ndustrial truck, Forklift GS12, Model Number 2C5000 and Serial Number AT9031293. The employee maneuvered the forklift in an unsafe manner and the forklift tippe d over. He sustained bruises on his leg and head. The employee was not hospitali zed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 8, 2003, Employee #1 was working as an electrician for the utility Southern California Edison (SCE). He was installing an electric meter for a temporary power connection at a construction site. The old meter had been removed earlier, and it was being replaced by a meter with SCE Part Number 3416-009713. The post that held the temporary meter had been wired previously from a transformer box installed at ground level. When Employee #1 arrived at the site, there was no meter on the post, and the meter socket on the 5-foot-high wooden post was energized. This circuit was wired for 480 volts phase-to-phase and 277 volts phase-to-ground. Employee #1 stated that his training required that he bypass the circuit to deenergize the meter socket before installing a meter. Normally he did that, but this time he did not think it was necessary. He decided to install the new meter while the socket was energized. Employee #1 had barely brought the meter into contact with the socket, when the meter caught fire. The arc flash caused second- and third-degree burns to both of Employee #1's hands and first-degree burns to his face. He was hospitalized for two weeks. Employee #1 was not a contract employee.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on October 4, 2018, an employee was cutting a lifting lug off of th e bottom of an approximately 3,000 lb tank when it slipped off of the hook and h it him, fracturing two vertebra.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 6, 2020, an employee was driving a garbage truck when he wa s involved in a roll over accident. The employee incurred a broken pelvis in the accident and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:20 a.m. on November 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working from a 10-foot A-frame stepladder and using tin snips to demolis h an approximately 19 inches by 9 inches by 25 feet long HVAC duct.  He was work ing alone and with no witnesses.  His foreman found the employee face down on th e ground with the ladder lying next to him.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of blunt force traumatic head inj uries.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an insulation compan y, was installing insulation at a two-story commercial building.  He used a ladd er to access the installation area.  The ladder slipped and fell, and Employee # 1 fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple in juries, including fractures to his wrists, hips, vertebrae, and ribs.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:26 p.m. on January 9, 2009, Employee was in a warehouse operating a Hyster High Lift, Model Number F-19. Employee stated she was going on a break. She turned from the rack area, and the High Lift started to slide. She put out her foot to stop it from hitting the rack. Her left foot was crushed between the frame of the forklift she was operating and the support column at the end of the storage rack. Employee was transported to Loma Linda University Medical Center where she was admitted and surgery was performed. Employee was hospitalized for approximately two days. The investigation was conducted on January 30, 2009. Her employer provided documentation for support. Employee was a certified forklift operator. Subsequent to the accident, the forklift being operated at the time of her injury was inspected in-house by maintenance personnel, and no deficiencies were noted.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 13, 2015, an employee was plastering the inside wall of a new silo. The scaffold platform failed and the employee fell. The employee was killed due to fall.
fall_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on June 13, 2017, an incident occurred in the parking lot of a fuel station travel center. While there were no witnesses to the incident, it was be lieved that the employee fell from a flatbed semi-trailer while attempting to sp read a tarp over the load of lumber.The employee was transported to a nearby hos pital, where he was hospitalized and received treatment. However, as a result of suffering a traumatic brain injury, the employee died on June 21, 2017.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 12, 2022, an employee was working in the drop zone while a coworker was in a tree cutting limbs in in oak tree they were felling. The co worker cut a limb that bounced off another branch and struck the employee in the back of the head. The employee was not wearing a helmet. The employee was hospi talized and died from his injuries nine days later.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multiemployer construction project for a new building.  He was dragging a hose from the work area when the hose snagged on some concrete. As Employee #1 attempted to free the hose, he fell and struck his face against e xposed rebar.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured jaw and leg contusi ons.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 3, 2021, an employee was working for a firm engaged in space research and technology. He worked as a plumber, pipefitter, and steamfit ter. He and a coworker were working in the GSE shop. They were moving a section of square steel tubing. It was 12 in across and 12 ft long (300 mm across and 3. 6 m long). It weighed 500 lbs. (230 kg). They were moving the tubing with ac lif ting magnet attached to a manual-remote gantry crane. The weight limit for the m agnet was 300 lbs. (136 kg). Its capacity had been surpassed by 200 lbs. (90 kg) . The workers had lifted the piece 1 to 3 ft (0.3 to 0.9 m) above the concrete s urface. They were maneuvering it to a location in the GSE shop where it would be fitted into a steel box frame. The two employees were guiding the tubing with t heir hands on the load. The tubing released from the lifting magnet and fell ont o the left hand of the employee. His supervisor, working with other employees, m ade several attempts, using the magnet, to lift the load. Eventually they were a ble to lift the load slightly, enabling the employee to pull his left hand out f rom under the load. The employee suffered a partial amputation of the ring finge r on his left hand in addition to crushing injuries to and lacerations of the mi ddle finger and thumb on the left hand. He was hospitalized. The employee also r equired surgery. At the time the narrative was written, he was still receiving l ong term therapy treatments. The employer had failed to ensure that employees co nducted a pre-lift test by hoisting and lowering the crane's apparatus, although that was required.
fall_fatal	At approximately 5:00 a.m. on September 10, 2020, an employee was inside the tra in performing his assigned cleaning duties.  The employee apparently was on the trackbed where he allegedly fell onto a track, hitting his head. The employee di ed from these injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	An employee was installing drywall above some existing pipes and adjacent to temporary 480-volt wiring. As he was pushing the drywall into place, the sharp edge of a metal stud abraded the temporary wiring's flexible cable when the cable rubbed against the stud. The stud penetrated the covering on the cable and the insulation on one of the conductors, causing a ground fault. The employee received an electric shock. He was transported to a hospital, where he was treated and released.
electrocution_fatal	A crew foreman and another employee were at an apartment complex inspecting and repairing a leaking roof. They erected an aluminum ladder and extended it to about 10.4 meters to reach the 8.5-meter-high roof. The employees climbed to the roof, inspected it, and took photographs of the area in need of repair. They then descended to the ground. As they were moving the ladder, it contacted a 7.6-kilovolt overhead power line located 10.3 meters above the ground and approximately 4 meters from the building. Both employees were holding the ladder when it contacted the power line. The crew foreman received an electric shock and sustained severe burns on his hands and feet. His burns resulted in the surgical amputation of his lower left leg, several fingers, and one toe. He was hospitalized for his injuries. The second employee was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on December 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in reroofing work at a residential structure.  He was removing old shingles when he fell, a fall height of 24 feet, and landed on the driveway. Employee #1 sustained injuries to his head and neck.  He was killed in the fal l.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in pile driving for the construction of a dock.  He was operating a crane when the pipe he was driving fell into the crane cab and struck him.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 5, 2018, Employee #1 was opening a loading dock door. When the door reached the top of the door tracks. The door flipped over, came off the tracks, and struck the employee. He sustained a fractured neck and a large lace ration to his forehead.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was setting forms for pouring concrete.  He was operating a Skilsaw circular saw to cut wood for the forms when his right hand's middle finger came into con tact with the saw blade.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a laceration to the finger.
fall_fatal	At 9:40 a.m. on August 15, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an outdoor sign compan y, was working from a billboard catwalk and installing conduit and electrical wi ring as part of a multiemployer construction project.  He fell from the catwalk, a fall height of 40 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 4:50 p.m. on October 1, 2021, an employee operated a backhoe to remove a stuc k Quad Trac from mud. The employee attached rigging to the Quad Trac and pulled with the backhoe when the rigging snapped, flew through the windshield of the ba ckhoe, struck the employee on the chest, and killed the employee.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was working from a ladder and engaged in an installation.  He was pulling a ca ble through a wall when he lost balance and fell, a fall height of 15 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment o f a fractured femur (thighbone).
caught_nonfatal	On May 8, 2012, Employee #1, a supervisor, was working on a Cumberland machine, which diced up foam into little pieces, and had become jammed. The machine was deenergized and locked out prior to entering it. Employee #1 was picking out scraps with his hands when he reached in between a stationary blade and the blade that rotates on the Cumberland machine. His body pressed against the rotary and inadvertently moved the rotary, which closed the gap between the two blades while his finger was in between them. Employee #1 sustained a partial left index finger amputation, and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 31, 2014, Employee #1, a bulldozer operator, was mount ing the bulldozer he operated when the bulldozed began to roll, crushing and kil ling the employee.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on May 17, 2018, Employee #1 was walking towards his loader that w as parked in the lumber yard. A Mack truck was in the lumber yard, transporting logs to and from the sawmill. As the employee walked toward his loader, he was s truck and killed by the Mack truck. The employee sustained blunt force trauma to his head, trunk, and extremities.
fall_fatal	At 8:27 p.m. on July 9, 2022, an employer and a coworker were removing trash fro m a two-story home under construction.  They were hand carrying bags of trash fr om the job site into the rear of truck using a wooden ramp. The employee fell ap proximately 3-4 feet from the truck ramp.  The employee went to the hospital and later died during surgery.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was working at a construction site.  As he climbed down a ladder, he fell.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for fractures to four to five ribs, two punctured lun gs, a fracture of his left ankle, and a fractured orbital bone (eye socket).
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on August 10, 2017, an employee was cutting a propel ler blade from a propeller body. The employee got under the propeller and starte d cutting the propeller blade with a carbon arc rod when the propeller blade gav e way and struck employee.  The employee suffered broken pelvis, ruptured colon and bladder, internal bleeding.  The employee was hospitalized and treated for h is injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 p.m. on January 26, 2018, Employee #1 was loading pallet of materials to move to the truck with  his fork lift.  A coworker loaded his own fork lift and was ready to back out of the space and drive to the truck that was being loadin g.  The coworker checked his area to be sure it was clear. Employee #1 walked be hind the coworker's fork lift after the coworker had checked behind him to be su re the area was clear. The coworker looked forward at his check list and started to move in reverse before he looked back again. Employee #1 was struck by the f ork lift, fracturing his leg above the ankle, requiring hospitalization and four surgeries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on March 14, 2011, Employee #1, a journey level carpenter, working with Bmc a framing contractor, was cutting a notch in a piece of lumber. Then the skill saw slipped, cutting his left hand. The saw was appropriately guarded and was working properly. He was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 9, 2022,, an employee was using a manual cutter to cut a 10 foot, 3.5 inch diameter metal pipe when he stood up from a crouching position, stumbled, and slid to the floor. The employee was pronounced dead on the scene b y emergency services.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on February 23, 2022, Employee 1 and Employee 2 worked in a ten-fo ot-deep trench to install a new sewer pipe. At some point, the trench wall colla psed and both employees were caught in the collapsed soil. Both employees were h ospitalized to treat fractures to two ribs, spine, pelvis and tailbone, and a co llapsed lung.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 8, 2020, an employee was working in a crawlspace below a bathroom to repair a plumbing leak. At some point, the employee made contact wit h a live wire and began to receive an electrical shock. The employee called out for help and the apartment tenants shut off power at the circuit panel and calle d for an ambulance. The employee was killed by  cardiac arrest caused by electro cution.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:33 p.m. on May 16, 2021, an employee was riding on the rear o f a scissor lift that was operated by a coworker as the scissor lift was being t ransported through a personnel door. A Genie scissor lift model GS-1930 was bein g driven through a personnel door that measured 82 1/8 inches tall with an emplo yee operating the scissor lift and an employee riding on the rear of the scissor lift. The employee's head was crushed between the top rail of the scissor lift that measured 78 3/8 inches high from the concrete floor and the top of the door jam that measured 82 1/8 inches from the floor. The employee sustained a broken mandible, two broken eye sockets, and had swelling of the brain which required hospitalization.
caught_fatal	On January 9, 2012, an employee backed a 0.75 ton light duty truck up to a specialized dumpster for the purpose of manually emptying waste from the rear of the truck and placing it into the dumpster. The employee exited the truck and had walked to the area between the rear of the truck and the dumpster when the truck rolled backward pinning him between the rear equipment box, taillight area, and the dumpster. It is uncertain how long the employee was pinned, but he was dead at the time he was found by medically trained coworkers.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on February 15, 2019, an employee worked from a ladder to install b atten strips onto new construction. At some point, the employee stepped off the ladder and onto a small roof porch that collapsed. The employee fell approximate ly eighteen feet and was hospitalized to treat facial injuries and a left leg fr acture.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on July 16, 2018, Employee #1 and #2 were pumping concrete. While pumping concrete, the concrete boom became loose and hit  Employee #1 in the hea d, causing a laceration. Employee #2 was also struck by the boom and suffered a fractured right arm.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on November 13, 2014, an employee/owner of the compan y and several workers were working to repair a deteriorating concrete block reta ining wall.  The employee was using an electric chisel to remove decorative ston e veneer from a deteriorated retaining wall. The wall maintained several fissure s caused by back pressure (fill soil) and poor drainage.  The workers were worki ng in front of the wall using electric chisels and hammer drills inducing vibrat ion.  The wall began to collapse and the employee fell to a lower level and the retaining wall followed behind crushing and killing him.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on September 12, 2007 a 36 year old male was electrocuted as a result of a 39-foot-long dump truck contacting a 7.2 kilo-volt power line. The employee was employed with the company since October 11, 2005 as a truck driver. The employee was delivering a mixture of corn and glucose used for cattle feed to an outdoor feed bin on a family farm. The employee dumped the contents and allegedly proceeded to pull the truck forward 15 to 20 feet (allegedly to clean out the dump of any additional material). He was discovered laying behind the elevated dump truck. There were extensive burn marks on the back of the truck, and on the ground behind the truck where the employee fell. The employee started his shift at approximately 10:00 a.m. that morning and travelled approximately 294 miles with one other stop along the way. While the company has delivered to this farm before, this was the first time for this employee. There were no contributing weather variables; it was clear and mild with no precipitation. There was another driver (with a second truck load) at the site during the time of the accident, but was dumping material at another location and did not witness the accident. The company has a written safety policy which states employees are to keep trucks at least 50 feet from power lines. The company states that the employee was provided safety training.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on November 1, 2017, Employee #1, a foreman employed by a construct ion framing company, was engaged in framing work on the second story of a reside ntial structure.  He fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, a nd treated for hip and pelvis fractures.  His injuries required surgery.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on April 23, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a highway construction company, was using an Extech 430 Multi Meter to perform a diagnostic test on a 4 80 volt 50 amp circuit ITE circuit breaker that was not functioning in an emulsi on tank electrical panel.  When the employee touched the positive and negative t est leads of the meter to the power supply side of the circuit breaker, an arc f lash occurred.  The arc flash burned the test leads of the meter and the tops of multiple fingers on the employee's hands.  The employee, who had not been weari ng personal protective equipment, was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of the burns.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on October 18, 2018, an employee worked to cut lumber. At some poin t, a piece of lumber fell and struck the employee on the left foot. The employee was taken to the hospital to treat a foot fracture.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on July 27, 2010, Employee #1, a truck driver for Foster Dairy Farms, was transporting goods to a supermarket. Employee #1 used his left hand to extend the dock plate, and his middle and ring fingers became caught by the dock plate. Employee #1 sustained lacerations to his middle and ring fingers. Employee #1 was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on March 26, 2018, an employee was on a porch dormer preparing to a pply a final row of shingles near the area where the ridge cap would be installe d. The height of the dormer eave was approximately 8.5 feet above the ground. Th e employee fell from the roof onto paver stones that surrounded the porch. The e mployee sustained a head injury and was killed. The employee was not using fall protection.
struck_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 7, 2017, an employee was standing between a chemical s torage tank and the inside of the I-beam.  When he cut through the I beam, the b uilding unexpectedly collapsed and the employee was struck by the tank which lan ded on top of him.  The employee was killed when crushed by the chemical storage tank.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 21, 2021, Employees #1 and #2 and two coworkers, employ ed by an energy supply company, were responding to a call from a contractor who was excavating a 200-foot water line addition to a meat market, a multiemployer construction project.  The contractor had struck an underground power line betwe en transformer 1 and transformer 2 while excavating.  The power line break cause d power to be lost at the meat market and a neighboring facility.   The four ene rgy supply company employees were working to repair the broken underground power lines.  Employee #2 shut the power off at the pole and placed grounding straps on the secondary compartment of transformer 1.  Employee #2  joined Employee #1 on the west side of the excavation while their coworkers worked elsewhere.   Whe n the power was interrupted, a generator in the facility next door started autom atically and began providing power to the facility's office.  Approximately 30 m inutes later, an employee from the neighboring facility threw a manual switch co nnected to a generator to supply electricity to the facility's warehouse.  The e lectricity back-fed through the ungrounded transformer 2 to where Employees #1 a nd Employee #2 were working.  Both employees received an electric shock from the backfeed.  Employee #1 was killed by electrocution.  Employee #2 sustained seve re burns to the hands.  Employee #2 was transported by emergency services to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of the electrical burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:32 a.m. on January 17, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a co nstruction contractor, were engaged in installing a pipe in an excavation.  Empl oyee #1 was holding onto a 6-inch by 20-foot pump suction hose, which was attach ed by a chain sling to the bucket of a Case excavator Coworker #1 was operating. As Coworker #1 maneuvered the excavator bucket to move the hose, the bucket ca me within 4 feet of an energized 13,500 volt power line.  An electric arc travel ed from the power line to the excavator bucket and down to the suction hose Empl oyee #1 was holding.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a second degree electric al burn on his right arm and a fractured wrist.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 7, 2021, Employee #1, a journeyman carpenter employed by a concrete construction company, was working on the construction of a 22-story concrete structure, mixed use commercial and residential.  He was dismantling th e lower trailer platform of the core climber, a portion of the apparatus that wa s being used to build the center core of the building, the elevator hoist way. Employee #1 climbed the extension ladder used to access the platform, which was positioned approximately 7 feet above the landing.   As he was climbing the ladd er, a coworker reminded him to tie off and handed him the retractable lanyard to connect to his body harness.  As Employee #1 stepped onto the platform, he star ted to connect the lanyard to the "D" ring on the back of the body harness.  Bef ore he completed this process, the platform moved, a joist fell, and the platfor m fell with Employee #1 to the next lower level in the hoist way, a fall of 10 f loors, approximately 96 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and a dmitted for treatment.  His injuries included head trauma, fractures, and contus ions.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 7, 2016, Employee #1, employed by a builder, was operat ing an unguarded, handfed table saw.  He was ripping a 2 by 4 when his hand came into contact with the table saw's blade.  Emergency services were called, and E mployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation of his left index finger to the first knuckle.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on March 21, 2017, Employee #1 was painting when he w as electrocuted by touching power lines.
electrocution_fatal	A crew of two, a power line worker and a foreman, were upgrading electrical service to a rural residence by installing a new transformer and meter loop on a service pole. The power line worker, who was wearing rubber insulating gloves and working from an aerial lift, cut the insulator adapter wire from the overhead power line and the transformer. He removed his insulating gloves and began removing the adapter's bolt from the pole. The severed wires on the insulator adapter contacted the nearby power line, electrocuting the power line worker.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on June 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction subcontra ctor at a multiemployer construction project, was carrying tools and equipment a s he climbed a ladder.  He lost his footing and fell, a fall height of 18 feet. The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fract ured leg. [NOTE: this is same incident as #106704 but some facts differ]
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was installing premade trusses on to new construction. While working to secure the truss, it fell apart and the em ployee fell twelve feet. The employee received laceration injuries to his head a nd shoulder.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:45 p.m. on June 5, 2007, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was troubleshooting and performing diagnostics to determine the source of intermittent power failures at a senior living facility in Tarzana, CA. He had isolated the problem to a 480 volt circuit breaker in the electrical room. The circuit breaker is normally enclosed by a panel to protect against accidental contact. Employee #1 had removed his gloves when he noticed the surface as well as the side of the circuit breaker were hot to the touch. He was using a screwdriver to re-install the cover on the panel when it fell onto the exposed energized sections of the panel. This caused an electrical arc from phase-to-phase and produced an electrical flash. Employee #1 sustained serious burns and was transported to Grossman Burn Center, where he was hospitalized for seven days and underwent skin grafts. Employee #1 was working alone at the time of the incident. The employer was cited for a serious, accident-related violation of T8CCR 2320.2(a), for failing to use insulated tools in accordance with ASTM 1505-94.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on December 12, 2013, an employee was climbing a utility pole to i nstall a sleeve on a broken power line. The power line consisted of a 14,400 vol t single phase primary power line.  As the employee was working to install the s leeve, his left hand came in contact with power line and he was electrocuted.  T he employee was taken to nearby hospital, where medical staff worked to resuscit ate; however, were unsuccessful.
caught_nonfatal	On April 29, 2013, Employee #1 was entering an area between a roll-off truck and a container that a coworker was delivering. The coworker, driver, of the truck was backing up to take slack out of the cable connecting the truck to the container when the employee entered the area without the coworker's knowledge. The employee was caught between the roll-off truck and the container. Employee #1 was taken to an area hospital, where he was treated for a fractured right leg. The employee remained hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:50 a.m. on September 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in roofing activity for a new one-story commercial building.  H e was securing decking when he fell and struck the concrete surface.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for tre atment.  Employee #1 fractured his back in the fall.
electrocution_fatal	On April 16, 2008, an employee was painting a metal roof from atop a 35 foot aluminum ladder. His aluminum painting pole contacted high voltage electric lines. At approximately 12:20 p.m. on April 16, 2008, the employee died from electrocution and from injuries he sustained falling from the 35 foot aluminum ladder.
caught_fatal	On October 22, 2009, Employee #1 was engaged in the preparations for raising the height of a tunnel liner. His employer had been contracted to complete the project. Employee #1 bored several holes for taking core samples and pictures were taken. Employee #1 then obtained permission to enter the tunnel by way of the railroad. Employee #1 entered the tunnel through the west portal entrance, with his excavator equipped with a hoe ram. After reaching the necessary work station, Employee #1 began hammering out the center part of the tunnel's liner to remove it. While Employee #1 was working, there were two coworkers attempting to hammer out another section of the tunnel; however, they were having difficulty in getting their impact hammer to work. About 30 minutes following the start of work, a section of the roof fell, crushing and killing Employee #1.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 5, 2019, an employee walked on a wood joist and fell appr oximately ten feet into the basement. The employee was hospitalized for fracture s to the skull, right clavicle, right wrist and a blood clot on the brain.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on November 16, 2005, Employee #1 was upgrading the electrical system as part of a remodeling project for a 5-story commercial building. Employee #1 had installed several Siemens electrical panels Siemens with 1,200 amp capacity, in a basement electrical room. The panels contained conductors which were connected directly to the city power grid by blue temporary wires. Employee #1 was correcting some grounding and/or bonding conductors in a panel containing energized 120 to 240 volt conductors. He was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on March 25, 2022, an employee was installing roofing plank bracket s. The employee slipped due to damp conditions of the morning and fell from the roof to the ground, striking the back of his head on an 8 inch by 8 inch paver. The employee was killed due to a fractured skull.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:16 p.m. on November 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was framing the roof at a multiemployer construction project, a single famil y residential structure.  Carrying a nail gun, he climbed up a 6-foot A-frame la dder inside the house to nail part of the roof structure.  As he prepared to cli mb down, the nail gun activated, and a nail shot into his neck.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported and admitted to the hospital. The puncture wound required surgery
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on May 08, 2009, Employee #1, who had been employed as a driver for approximately 10 months at a small company that had been manufacturing printed circuit boards for eight and one half years, was working in the production area. Employee #1 was operating a JET Equipment Tools Drill Press (Model Number JDP-17MF; Serial Number 0030112) to spot face printed circuit boards for the first time. The process involved holding an 18-inch by twenty-four-inch circuit board, while using a drill press to smooth out predrilled holes in the circuit board. Employee #1's supervisor, who had assigned him this task, was in close proximity to him and was handing him the circuit boards. Employee #1 was wearing cloth gloves. As Employee #1 was smoothing one of the predrilled holes on the circuit board, the drill bit of the drill press caught his left glove and caused his left thumb to be amputated. Employee #1 was transported to Olive Medical Center (apparently Olive View Medical Center) in Sylmar, CA, and then transferred to St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, CA. He was hospitalized for treatment of his injury. The employer's environmental and safety consultant notified the Division about the accident on May 11, 2009.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 4:16 p.m. on December 29, 2011, Employee #1 was helping move an engine onto a pair of jack stands when his hand got caught by the jack. The employee was transported to an area hospital, where he was treated for a partial amputation of his left hand middle finger. Employee #1 was released after twenty-four hours.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 25, 2022, an employee and his supervisor were onsite to make repairs to a hot water line for an outdoor shower and to install a propane line from the front of the residence to the rear deck area. The employee assisted in the installation of the propane line and then began the repairs on the shower p iping from a floating dock in the lagoon when he experienced a seizure. The empl oyee fell into the water and drowned.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 14, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in steel erection for a new commercial building.  He was transitioni ng to the roof from a forklift platform attached to a Caterpillar Material Handl er TL642, TL943, Serial GOJ020000465.  The employee fell from the roof, a fall h eight of approximately 18 feet.  He was transported to the hospital, where he wa s admitted for treatment of a compression fracture to the back and a dislocated right wrist.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:25 a.m. on March 4, 2017, an employee was located on top of a conveyor unit to access oven rollers undergoing cleaning. During the cleaning process that in volved the use of a hose, the hose became caught in a gap between the conveyor a nd the oven rollers. The hose then became wrapped around his foot, pulling both of his feet and lower legs into the gap between the oven rollers and conveyor. A coworker witnessed the incident and immediately activated the equipments E-STO P, stopping the oven rollers from rotating further, and emergency services were contacted. The employee was taken to a nearby medical facility, where he was hos pitalized and received treatment for multiple fractures.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection company, was working at the site of a new hospital building.  He was welding structural steel from a boom lift when he became caught between the boom lift and a structu ral steel beam.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admi tted for treatment of five fractured ribs.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on January 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contractor , was using testing equipment to identify drain issues at a one-story residence. As he climbed an unsecured extension ladder to access the roof vent, the ladde r slipped and he fell to the pavement.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple inju ries.  These included blunt abdominal wall trauma, retroperitoneal hematoma, ane mia stemming from acute blood loss, and a contusion to the sternum.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on September 3, 2020, an employee was returning to his truck and wa lked between the truck and a stack of timber swamp/crane mats. The counterweight of a nearby excavator struck the top mat and caused the mat to fall onto the em ployee and pin the employee between the truck and the mat. The employee received severe crushing injuries to the chest and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 18, 2017, an employee was attempting to dislodge a ti re from under the viaduct. He was retrieving debris from a previous accident at the flyover bridge located on the shoulder.  The employee was standing outside o f a work vehicle parked on the shoulder of the road fifteen inches from the driv er's side.  A semi truck struck and killed the employee who was standing on the drivers side of the work vehicle.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:40 p.m. on October 30, 2008, Employee #1 was finishing the concrete roof with a bull float attached to an aluminum extension pole (16.58 ft long). He was working on the fifth floor of a building with nearby overhead power lines (35,400 volts). The aluminum extension pole encroached upon the 6 ft minimum clearance with the high voltage power lines. During his work, the pole contacted the power lines, shocking him. The electrical shock threw him approximately 9.5 ft toward the edge of the building and lit his clothing on fire. Coworkers patted down the fire on the right side of his body. He was transported to a medical center. At the hospital, he received medical attention and skin grafts for the extensive second and third degree electrical burns, and blistering to his body, which included his anterior neck, posterior trunk, right upper arm, right thigh, left thigh, right foot, and right leg. He was hospitalized for 13 days and then released.
caught_nonfatal	On December 15, 2008, Employee #1 was operating a Kobelco compact excavator, Model Number 50SR, on the top of a ditch bank. As he was back-dragging the top of the ditch bank, one of the tracks was too close to the edge and the excavator slipped over the edge of the bank and rolled onto the driver's side. The employee attempted to exit the machine and his right foot became caught under the machine. His foot was crushed and three toes were amputated, requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	On July 31, 2007, Employee #1 was finishing a concrete slab when he took the bull float finishing tool over to the side to wash it. While washing the 20 ft-long tool with a water hose, Employee #1 raised it up and either contacted or came close to contacting an overhead 13,800-volt power line. He was electrocuted and died at the scene.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on October 24, 2018, two employees were standing alongside State Ro ad 77 when they were struck by a drunk driver who was driving a Ford F-150 picku p truck with a U-Haul trailer attached.  One employee was killed and the other w as hospitalized with unspecified injuries.   See Report #110429.
fall_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on November 2, 2014, an employee was applying glue t o foam material. The employee untied his lanyard from an anchorage point and fel l through an opening. The employee sustained blunt force trauma and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 7:30 a.m. on June 16, 2017, Employee #1 was removing an antenna from a residential home. Employee #1 and a crew of three roofers and one superv isor were removing a residential roof. The temperatures was in the 70s degree Fa hrenheit with no wind. The pitch of the roof was 5/12 with eve height of 10 feet . Employee #1 was instructed to throw an antenna off the roof. Employee #1 got t he antenna and attempted to throw it over the rake side of the roof. The antenna caught his glove and pulled him from the roof. Employee #1 fell approximately 1 6 ft. He struck a pavement and suffered a fractured right elbow. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospi talized.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 1, 2020, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a electric al services company in the telecommunications field, were working on a multi-emp loyer construction project at the intersection of two streets.  They were pothol ing to locate underground utility lines, with the aim to then bore in a new fibe r optic line under the intersection.  After finding what they thought was over-p our from the concrete curb, they used a Ring-o-matic Vacuum Excavator to excavat e over top of the concrete.  They then used a jackhammer on the concrete.  The j ackhammer bit made contact with a 12,470-volt underground electrical distributio n line, and an electric arc explosion occurred.  Employees #1 and #2 were killed by electrocution.  Employee #3, who was knocked down by the force of the explos ion, was transported to the hospital, where he was observed, determined to have no injuries, and released.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 10, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a utilities construc tion company, was performing traffic control on a bridge.  When it was time to b reak for lunch, he opened his driver-side truck door.  Before he could get insid e, he was struck by a vehicle.  He was thrown approximately 65 feet and died of massive head injuries and internal injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:40 p.m. on September 14, 2017, Employee #1 was hoisting secti ons of metal gutter up from the ground. An approximately 30 ft section of metal gutter made contact with a 34,000 volt aerial electrical distribution line on an overhead power line. Electricity flowed through the metal gutter and electrocut ed him.
fall_fatal	At 4:36 p.m. on March 15, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction carpentr y company, was engaged in roofing repair work on a residential carport roof.  He was installing Oriented Strand Board (OSB) plywood for decking when he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported and admitted to the hospital for treatment of frac tured ribs and a punctured lung.  Employee #1 died from his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on June 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was working at a multi-employer job site.  He was standing on an 8-foot stepla dder and installing temporary lighting to an energized 277-volt light circuit ne ar the building's ceiling.  Using his electrical strippers, he began to strip a wire to make a connection, and he sustained an electrical shock.  He fell off th e ladder, breaking the electrical connection and falling to the floor, a fall he ight of approximately 6 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital.  He was treated for electrical burns to both han ds and a laceration to his right elbow.
caught_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 16, 2022, Employee #1, a landscape technician, was ope rating a mini- excavator (model CAT 302.7D CR and product identification number CAT3027DJLJ702031) about 2 feet away from the wall, digging a trench about 12 in ches deep for a drain line at a construction job site of a landscaping company . There were three employees at the accident jobsite. Coworker #1, a landscaping laborer/lead was about 6-7 feet away, and coworker #2, a laborer, was about a 1, 000 feet away from Employee #1 when the accident happened. Coworker #1 heard a p ush-like sound. Coworker #1 turned around and saw Employee #1 pressed against th e building by the tractor. No one saw what happened just before the accident, bu t Coworker #1 assumes Employee #1 was stepping out of the mini-excavator cab wit hout raising the hydraulic control lockout lever, and therefore Employee #1's le ft knee hit the joystick that caused the tractor to swing and pin the employee b etween the tractor and the adjacent building. Employee #1 sustained serious anox ic brain injury, traumatic cardiac arrest, left pulmonary hemorrhage with active bleeding, right 4th-6th rib fracture with flail segments, left 5th-6th rib frac ture with flail segments, and severe bilateral pulmonary contusions, which all l ead to Employee #1's death.  The employer did not train and instruct the operato r on Employee Operating Instructions of the tractor; more specifically, the empl oyer did not instruct Employee #1 to raise the hydraulic control lockout when st epping out of the excavator.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 7:15 p.m. on Sunday, December 12, 2010, Employee #1 told his spouse that he was going to a new six unit apartment construction site in Carroll, Iowa. The construction site had electric heaters energized by gas powered generators to prevent heaving of concrete floor. Employee #1 told his spouse that he was going to the site to refuel the generators. During the weekend the generators were moved inside the constructed building to prevent damage due to inclement weather or theft of the generators. At approximately 8:01 p.m. that same day, Employee #1's spouse called Employee #1's cell phone. Employee #1 did not answer the call. Employee #1's spouse found Employee #1 unresponsive, lying face down on the ground inside the doorway of a lower unit apartment where generators were running. The exhaust in the lower apartment unit caused by the generators was thick. Because of the exhaust, Employee #1's spouse had difficulty seeing Employee #1. Emergency services arrived on the site and began CPR. Employee #1 had a carboxyhemoglobin level greater than 75 and suffered from asphyxia. Employee #1 was transferred to a hospital, and was pronounced dead at 9:28 p.m. that evening in the hospital emergency room.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on January 9, 2017, Employee #1, a truck driver, was hauling demolition material to a dump or a recycle center. His immediate superv isor, a superintendent , was operating an excavator to break apart a large swimm ing pool behind a house that had been demolished. Material was taken from the po ol and dumped into a pile, which was located north of the pool and near a road. Employee #1 waited for his supervisor to finish so that they could load his truc k. Around 12:30 p.m. on that day, Employee #1 decided to prematurely start separ ating some of the fiberglass that was in the pile. The recycle center, which the material was going to, did not accept fiberglass. His supervisor did not see Em ployee #1, who was on the opposite side of the pile, separating the fiberglass f rom the other material. Using the excavator, the supervisor dropped a large sect ion of the pool, consisting of cement and fiberglass material, on top of the pil e. A part of the pool struck Employee #1, causing fractures to multiple cervical vertebrae in his neck. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where h e received treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 27, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contr actor, was converting a 4 Kilowatt transformer to a 13 Kilowatt transformer.  An arc flash occurred, and Employee #1 sustained electrical burns to his face.  Em ergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, a dmitted, and treated for electrical burns.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 27, 2017, Employee #1, a dump truck driver, was dumpi ng a load of scrap metal. While Employee #1 was sitting in the cab of his truck, another truck began to dump its load, which malfunctioned when the driver moved the trailer forward while it was still elevated. The second truck's trailer beg an to sway erratically, causing it to tip over onto Employee #1's cab. Employee #1 was crushed and killed as a result.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on December 22, 2020, an employee worked as a roofer at a new comm ercial building construction site. At some point, the employee fell approximatel y twenty-two feet from the roof. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment and later died.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 25, 2002, Employee #1, the roofing company foreman, and Employee #2 were installing 4 in. wide by 10 ft long metal flashing along the roof eaves of a two-story structure. Two months earlier, a 3 ft wide fabricated frame scaffold had been erected around the building; where the employees were working, its guardrail was parallel to, and 6 ft away from, a 7,200-volt electrical power line. Employee #1 was handling one of the metal strips when it contacted the energized line. He received an electric shock, suffered electrical burns, and fell 20 ft from the scaffold platform onto the asphalt adjacent to the construction property. Employee #2, who was standing nearby, also reached for the metal strip and was shocked, but he remained on the scaffold platform. He sustained less serious injuries, for which he was treated and released.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in roofing work at a one-story building.  He was removing sections of an old metal roof when he fell, a fall height of approximately 13 feet.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for fractures to both wrists.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on January 22, 2018, an employee was replacing an AC filter and fe ll off of the ladder he was using.  The employee fractured both hands and lacera ted his head.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on June 19, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in forming work at a comm ercial site.  He was using a SkilSaw circular saw to rip a piece of 2-foot by 4- foot wood when the saw kicked back and caught his left hand.  The employee was t ransported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of lacerations to tendons in his fingers.
caught_nonfatal	On February 25, 2019, an employee was backing up a rough terrain forklift on to a lowbed trailer when the tires on the right side slipped off from the trailer. The employee fracture his pelvis as well as sustaining a head laceration and se veral rib contusions when caught underneath the forklift.  The employee was hosp italized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on April 26, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contractor, was doing installation work at a new one-story commercial building.  He was usi ng a ladder made on the site.  As he climbed up the ladder from the basement lev el, he fell, a fall height of 13 feet, and struck the concrete floor.  The emplo yee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fr actured right ankle.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 7, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was assigned to roofing repair work at a two-story building.  He was stepping off a ladder when he fell.  Emergency services transported the employee to the h ospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on November 1, 2018, an employee was walking in an aisle when he wa s struck by a forklift being driven by a coworker.  The employee fractured sever al bones and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on July 27, 2016, Employee #1, a plumber, was workin g inside of a pit fixing sump pumps. He was on the 12 foot top section of a 24 f oot extension ladder that had been separated.  The ladder did not have any feet and was in 6 inches of water. He was working on an electrical panel box, 240 vol t that was located 20 inches down inside of a pit.  He was electrocuted when the power was turned on by a coworker working with him.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 17, 2021, an employee worked on a roof taking measureme nts. At some point, the employee lost his footing, fell approximately twenty-two feet, and was killed by multiple internal injuries.
fall_fatal	At 11:52 a.m. on March 31, 2105, an employee was unloading paint from a job made trash box (scaffold standard) attached to rough terrain forklift forks that wer e elevated approximately 36 feet.  The box became unstable due to a weight shift of the load, tipped and fell with the employee inside.  The employee was killed on impact due to traumatic internal injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 23, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roo fing company, were installing a drip edge on the roof of a new two-story residen tial building as part of a multiemployer construction project.  Employee #1 slip ped and fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  He first struck a brick wall and then t he ground.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where h e was admitted for treatment of a fractured spine and a brain hemorrhage.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on December 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multiemployer project.  He was conducting injection testing of breakers when he reached into a breaker panel that apparently had not been d eenergized.  An electric arc flash occurred, and Employee #1 sustained burns to his upper body.  Emergency service were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for electrical burns.
caught_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on April 13, 2016, two employees were hitching a trailer to a truck . They were positioned between the trailer and the truck. As they were working, a vehicle crashed into the trailer. The employees were crushed between the trail er and the truck. One employee sustained multiple injuries and he was declared d ead at the scene. A second employee sustained multiple fractures. He was hospita lized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in demolition work at a one-story commercial building.  He was o n the roof and attempting to retrieve a broom to clean the lower level when he f ell through the roof, a fall height of approximately 15 feet, and struck the con crete floor.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractures to his arm, knee, and leg.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was in a manhole, pulling cable. As he was exiting the manhole a cable in the manhole faulted. The ensuing electric arc burned the employee. He was taken to a hospital with severe burns over 50 percent of his body, but died later that day.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on April 23, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a residential construct ion company, was working on the roof of a five-story multifamily residential str ucture.  He was cleaning a surface area when he fell through the open and unguar ded framing for a ducting chute, fell five stories, and struck the first floor c oncrete surface.   Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of multiple injuries including multiple rib fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 10, 2022, an employee worked from an extension ladder to mask a window of a commercial building. While working, the employee overreached to an adjoining window, lost balance, and fell approximately fifteen feet from the ladder. The employee was hospitalized to treat unspecified injuries to the h ead, hip, and legs.
electrocution_fatal	On October, 6, 2009, Employee #1, of Ridgwood Contractors, Inc., was installing roofing on a church. He was using a JLG boom lift to maneuver a sheet of aluminum roofing material to another worker on the roof when the panel touched a nearby 7,200 volt conductor, electrocuting him. Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on February 8, 2006, Employee #1 was installing chain link fencing on a new tennis court at a private residence. Employee #1 was standing on a fiberglass A-frame ladder and inserting a 10-ft steel tension rod into the 10-ft high tennis court fencing. Employee #1 was standing near the top of the ladder with one hand resting on top of the fence. With the other hand Employee #1 was holding onto the tension rod and attempting to thread the rod (from top to bottom) through the entire 10-ft height of the fence. The tension rod would allow the fencing to be stretched tight and is a necessary element in chain link fencing. Employee #1 made contact with a 12,000-volt power line and received a serious injury to the hand that had been in contact with the fencing. Employee #1 fell from the ladder, which in all likelihood saved his life and was transported to the hospital where his injured hand was later amputated. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:44 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was attempting to work on a light switch electrical box that was blocked by twenty sheets of four foot by twelve foot drywall. The employee started to move the sheets of drywall to access the l ight switch electrical box when the sheets fell onto the employee and fractured his leg.
electrocution_fatal	A power line contractor had a contract with an electric utility to install a 161-kilovolt overhead power line from a tower to a new switching substation. The contractor was replacing an existing line of 954 MCM ACSR conductors from the North tower to the substation with a new line of 2034 MCM ACSR conductors. The new conductors had been connected at the North tower and were being secured at an A-frame in the substation. The general supervisor had directed the removal of all protective grounding jumpers from the North and South towers. Two employees were in a personnel platform on a crane. A bonding jumper was installed between the phase conductor and the platform on the crane. The truck crane was not adequately grounded to earth. The phase conductor was grounded through the hoist, but no other protective grounds were installed. The two employees had just completed splicing the ends of the three phase conductors from the North tower to their counterparts on the A-frame. Each of the phase conductors was held by a 2.7-metric-ton hoist. The employees had clipped in the first phase conductor. One of them then started to remove the hoist from that conductor and received an electric shock. The employee let go of the hoist, but grabbed it again and gave it a big push to force it away from the conductor. When the hoist separated from the conductor, the employee was electrocuted. The power line on which the employees were working was deenergized; however, a 500-kilovolt overhead power line ran parallel to it. A test on the lower voltage line after the accident found it to be energized at 7000 volts through induction from the higher voltage line.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in forming work at a commercial building construction project.  H e was troubleshooting and servicing an idle rebar bending machine.  He held the machine with his right hand and placed his right pinky finger at the stopper pla te and in between the return lever.  When he energized the machine and operated the switch, his pinky finger became caught and crushed.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was  treated for t he amputation of his right pinky finger and released.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 13, 2018, an employee was operating a Toyota Forklift, Mode l# 8BNCU20, and was taking a pallet loaded with product down from a storage rack .  The employee made a turn with his left foot outside the running lines of the lift and crushed one of his toes when he caught it between the forklift and stor age rack.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 p.m. on September 1, 2015, an employee was driving a steel drum packer w ithout a roll-over protective structure (ROP). The steel drum packer slipped off the edge of the road and tipped over. The employee was crushed and killed in th e accident.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on October 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was operating a chain saw with water vacuum.  The saw kicked back, and the bla de struck the employee's nose.  The employee was transported to the hospital, tr eated for a laceration of the nose, and released without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a dr ywall construction company, were working at a multiemployer construction project , a new multifamily residential building.  Employee #1 was on a second floor wal k platform and handing a ladder down to Coworker #1.  Employee #1 impacted the p latform's guardrail, the guardrail came apart, and he fell to the concrete surfa ce.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital.  He was admitted and treated for a hip fracture and a head laceration.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in concrete form installation on a wooden dock.  The concrete pile h e was guiding was being lifted by a 100-ton crane.  The crane tipped over onto t he dock, causing Employee #1 to fall into the water.  Employee #1 was rescued fr om the water and transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractured ribs and abrasions to his arms.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on September 13, 2018, an employee was removing a floor hole cover and fell through, fatally landing on the concrete floor 40 feet below.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on September 8, 2020, an employee was moving an energ ized powerline away from contact with a new concrete pole. The employee inadvert ently made contact with the powerline and was electrocuted.  The employee was ki lled.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on March 29, 2018, an employee was installing new water service an d back flow on the roof. The employee rubbed his arm against an energized electr ic sign support and was shocked.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on June 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working on an electrical panel at a commercial building.  As he removed wire s from the panel, an arc flash occurred.  Employee #1 was transported to the hos pital, admitted, and treated for burns.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on August 4, 2017, an employee was filling equipment tire with air. The tire did not properly seat on the rim and the rim exploded ha lf way out of the tire, throwing employee approximately five feet. The employee suffered from blunt force trauma and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 21, 2012, a worker was at his job as a finish carpenter. He cut himself with a saw such as a Skilsaw. He sustained a laceration of his leg. Cal/OSHA did not have jurisdiction, as the worker was the sole owner of the company.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on December 26, 2018, two employees were repairing a roof and move d an aluminum extension ladder when it came into contact with a C phase of an el ectric system operating at 7,600 phase to ground.  One of the employees was elec trocuted when the ladder came into contact with the overhead power lines.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 24, 2006, Employee #1 was pulling #12 THNN wire through a 3/4 in. rigid pipe. The wire snake contacted the energized 480-volt parts and Employee #1 suffered a flash burn to his hand.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was operating a dump truck on a roadway approximately one-half mile from a jobs ite.  Employee #1 jumped from the truck.  He was propelled approximately 20 feet into the air, and then he fell and struck his head on the paved roadway.  Emplo yee #1 was killed.  The subsequent investigation report listed a possible crania l fracture and laceration to the skull.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on November 2, 2009, Employee #1 was working from a ladder jack scaffold. He was installing drip edge on a house. When he raised a 10 ft piece of aluminum drip edge to install it, it contacted a 19,900 volt overhead power line located approximately 4 ft above the roof peak. Employee #1 was shocked. He fell from the scaffold to the ground 20 ft below. Employee #1 suffered lacerations, electrical burns and internal injuries. He died at the hospital while being treated.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 26, 2018, an employee was operating a punch press when a p iston came loose and struck the employee in his abdomen. The employee sustained lacerations and puncture injuries, which he was hospitalized and received treatm ent.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:15 p.m. on June 19, 2015, Employee #1 was pulling wire from H VAC coolers into an energized 480 volt switch gear room. He came in contact with an exposed 480 volt transformer and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 7:55 a.m. on March 18, 2019, Employee #1, the owner of an excavating company, and a coworker, his son, were attempting to free the 2000 International quad ax le dump truck, Vehicle Identification Number 1HTXHAXT3YJ0778862 from a parked po sition in the company's equipment storage yard alongside the owner's home.  The drive tires of the dump truck were stuck in ice, the product of melted snow that had refrozen while the truck was parked during the previous two days of below-f reezing temperatures.  The owner initially had tried to drive the dump truck out of the ice, without success.  He then used an electric heat gun in an attempt t o melt the ice around the tires, also without success.  He telephoned his son to come with a pickup truck and tow strap.  The son arrived and connected the two trucks with a synthetic web tow strap.  The owner entered the cab of the dump tr uck, and the son, driving the pickup truck, succeeded in pulling the dump truck out of the ice.  Both exited their truck cabs.  As the owner began picking up th e heat gun and extension cord, he instructed his son to move the dump truck furt her forward.  The son entered the dump truck cab and drove forward and to the ri ght of the pickup truck.  He then parked and exited the truck, whereupon he saw his father on the ground.  The father, without the son's knowledge, had moved to a position alongside the dump truck.  The dump truck had struck the father and run over his head, and he was killed.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 a.m. on February 24, 2022, an employee was working as a driver for a con struction firm that built highways. bridges, and structures. He drove heavy truc ks. While inspecting a tri-axle dump truck before leaving the yard, he discovere d two lights not working on the rear left of the dump bed. One was at a lower po sition, and the other was approximately 9 feet (2.7 meters) from the ground. He pulled the truck inside the shop and raised the dump bed slightly to lower the l ight to 8 feet (2.4 meters) from the floor. Another truck driver came to assist the employee with the lower light, while the employee started to work on the upp er light. The other truck driver left to get cutters to cut a zip tie on the low er light. He had tried needle-nose pliers but could not cut the zip tie with the m. When he returned, he found the employee on the floor bleeding from his head. The employee had fallen and struck the rear of his head on a concrete surface. H e suffered a skull fracture. He was hospitalized, but he died from his injuries. It was thought that the employee was on the folding ladder trying to break the zip tie with the needle-nose pliers. When the zip tie was broken, the force of t he break caused him to fall backward from the ladder to the floor. The electrica l tie was found broken or cut but still wrapped around the original bad light. A n erect standing Werner 6-foot (1.8-meter) single-sided folding stepladder was n ear the back left side of the truck. A pair of needle-nose pliers was on the flo or. The zip tie that was still on the light had been cut. The work floor was in good condition. No workers observed the employee on the folding ladder. It was a common practice for operators to replace the lights and use the folding ladder to reach the upper light. The operator would stand on the second rung of the lad der at a height of 2 feet (0.6 meters) to complete this work. Workers interviewe d stated that they did not have any issues when they used the folding ladder.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on March 15, 2018, Employee #1 and his coworker, employed by a boil er services company, were installing a boiler at a feed plant.  Employee #1 was guiding his coworker, who was operating a Caterpillar IT18F front end loader wit h forklift attachment and moving an economizer.  The pallet on the front end loa der broke, and the forks moved up quickly.  Employee #1's left middle finger was caught between the forks and the economizer and was amputated.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was treate d for the finger amputation and released the same day.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:48 p.m. on May 17, 2019, Employee #1 and his construction company employer were performing a soft demolition inside a commercial building.  Employee #1 wa s working at elevation in a JLG scissor lift, removing screws and wire from a ce iling.  The employer was operating a Bobcat 64 Loader and removing debris approx imately 10 feet away from the scissor lift.  The loader made contact with hangin g overhead wires, and as the wires were pulled by the Bobcat they caught the sci ssor lift frame.  The scissor lift overturned, falling to the concrete surface w ith Employee #1 inside.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he w as admitted and received stitches to a head laceration.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on January 14, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an HVAC company, was troubleshooting an HVAC unit on the roof of a large retail store.  Light to hea vy rain was forecast.  The employee went up to the roof with an umbrella and a v olt meter to check the power.  The meter showed no power.  He also checked for c ontinuity between all lines and found there was no power.  He then checked the u nit's disconnect switch and turned it to the OFF position.  Employee#1 went back downstairs to reset the breaker, and then returned to the rooftop unit.  When h e turned the disconnect switch back to the ON position, an arc flash occurred. Employee#1's left hand was burned.  The employee was transported to the hospital , where he received treatment for second degree burns to his hand.  He was relea sed without hospitalization.
caught_fatal	On July 22, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a water utility company, were replacing a fire hydrant located at the intersection of two residential streets .  The fire hydrant had been previously struck and damaged by a vehicle.  As the y worked, an automobile drove through the work area, first striking Employee #1, then running over Employee #2, and finally stopping with Employee #2 pinned und erneath the vehicle.  Employee #2, who sustained multiple blunt force trauma inj uries, was killed.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and t reated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 2, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a constr uction company, were engaged in setting a new Class 2 wooden utility pole.  Cowo rker #1 was operating a digger derrick to move the pole.  Employee #1 was assist ing.  Employee #1 was changing positions from one end of the pole to the other a nd was walking between the pole and the digger derrick.  Coworker #1 released th e machine's claws.  The pole swung and pinned Employee #1 between the butt end o f the pole and the digger derrick.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for crushing i njuries, including a fractured ulna and shattered radius in his forearm, fractur ed ribs, and a collapsed lung.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on December 4, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by All On Electric & Solar Inc., were working to install solar panels on the roof of a residence. There was ice on the roof. They used a portable aluminum ladder to access the roof. According to Employee #1's statement during the subsequent Cal/OSHA investigation, he climbed up the ladder first, bringing with him some tools, while Coworker #1 held onto the ladder on grade. Employee #1 left the tools he brought with him in the rain gutter, where they were to begin installing the solar panels. Later Coworker #1 climbed the roof. Employee #1 warned him to be careful, because it was Coworker #1's first day on the job. Upon reaching the roof, Coworker #1 handed Employee #1 a bag of tools. Employee #1 proceeded back to the area where he previously had left the tools he had carried up. As he walked in that direction, he slipped on the icy roof. He fell approximately 12 feet onto another roof below and then an additional 12 feet to the grade below. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Eden Medical Hospital in Castro Valley, where he was admitted and treated. According to the employer's report to Cal/OSHA, Employee #1 sustained a facial injury and multiple fractures of the thoracic spine. No surgery was performed. On December 8, 2013, Employee #1 was prescribed medications and discharged from the hospital.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 5, 2018, an employee was working to install a one hundre d and twenty volt power supply for an electronic lock system in the ceiling of a commercial building restroom. The employee accessed the ceiling panel with a si x foot aluminum Werner ladder, but did not disconnect power to the circuit by sh utting off the breaker and locking it out. As the employee began to strip the in sulation on the live wire in preparation to connect it to the power supply, he r eceived an electrical shock. The employee then lost balance and fell off of the ladder. The employee received in-patient treatment at a local hospital for multi ple spinal fractures.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on April 18, 2003, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was working on ceiling electrical wires. He was using a 6 ft wooden stepladder and was cutting ceiling wires when the fixture wire slipped from his hand, went over the safety goggles he was wearing, and punctured his left eye. He was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on November 17, 2017, an employee was installing bolts to a ledger board for future installation of trusses.  The employee was standing in a cart t hat was being used as a personnel basket and lifted on the forks of a forklift. The operator lifted the employee into place, approximately 16 feet up. Then the employee and the cart fell from the forks and the employee was killed due to blu nt force head trauma.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:45 a.m. on August 28, 2010, Employee #1 was using a forklift to load a truck trailer with pallets filled with cartons. During the operation, a top layer of cartons caught the trailer's top edge. He climbed around the front upright safety cage to push back the cartons when his foot struck the mast control lever. The mast assembly moved, pinning him between the forklift and a pallet. He sustained crushing injuries that included blunt force chest trauma, pulmonary contusions, and left transverse process fractures of the twelfth thoracic through third lumbar vertebrae. Emergency medical personnel were summoned and transported him to a medical center where he received medical attention and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 2:04 p.m. on October 4, 2015, an employee and a coworker were removing metal decking material, uncovering a hole opening on a roof. The employee and the cowo rker were in the process of standing up, lifting the decking material, one perso n on each end. As the co-worker turned his head toward a warning flag, he felt t he decking change direction. At that time the employee on the other end had fall en through the 3 ft by 3 ft hole in the roof, landing on a cement floor.  The em ployee was killed from injuries sustained in the 30 ft fall.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 10, 2018, Employee #1 was framing for new construction of a residence. The employee was walking on an I-beam when he fell 11.5 feet down t o a concrete slab. The employee is believed to have fallen head first onto the c oncrete, causing brain trauma and death. There were no witnesses to the fall.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on November 4, 2017, Employee #1 was attempting to cover a roof wit h a nylon tarp while a coworker was inside the building putting tools away.  Emp loyee #1 apparently became tangled in the tarp and fell about 16 feet from the r oof edge.  Employee #1 sustained multiple fractures and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on March 28, 2017, an employee and a coworker were t asked with installing pressure gages on a steel piping system that contained Gre en Liquor inside a building. The Green Liquor was a corrosive liquid and was ope rating at a temperature of 180 to 200 degrees F and under a pressure of 60 to 80 psi in the piping system.  On the morning of the event, the host company held a safety briefing with the both workers along with their foreman.  The workers we re informed that the pipes would be energized (Green Liquor running through it) and that they would have to perform a hot tap (drilling a hole into the pipe) wh ile liquid continued to flow through the piping system.  The workers were also i nformed about the personal protective equipment (PPE) requirement to perform the task.  Some of the PPE the workers were required to wear was a chemical suit al ong with a face shield for face protection.  After drilling the pilot hole into the pipe, the employee began pulling the drill bit out of the coupling and the c ut off ball valve. The coworker was standing by the cut off ball valve waiting t o turn the valve off when the drill bit cleared the cut off ball valve. When the shaft of the drill bit got to where the workers thought that the drill bit shou ld be cleared, the coworker attempted to close the valve, but could not. The emp loyee kept pulling the drill bit out while the coworker continued to try and clo se the valve. The employee eventually pulled the shaft (with the drill bit missi ng) out of the valve and packing device of the hot tap tool. When the shaft of t he drill came out of the packing device, Green Liquor sprayed on to the employee . The employee received chemical burns and or thermal burns to his arms and stom ach area for which he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 10, 2017, an employee was taking out the remnants of a c oncrete pole, that was being replaced with a new pole.  The employee was lifting a concrete slab to make room for the new pole when the pole separated and the p iece that holds the transformers struck the employee in the face.  The employee suffered contusions and a concussion.  The employee was also hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction subcon tractor, was engaged in renovation work at a hotel.  He was operating a Dewalt t able saw with unguarded blade and holding a 2 by 4 piece of wood that he was cut ting.  The blade hit a knot in the wood, the wood jerked, and Employee #1's left middle finger was pushed against the saw blade and partially amputated.  Employ ee #1 was treated at the hospital and released without hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 22, 2021, an employee inspected a rooftop and at some p oint stepped onto a skylight. The employee fell approximately forty feet and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on December 24, 2013, Employee #1 was removing poultry product from a floor and pushing the debris into an evisceration unit. He saw poultry product become jammed in the machine and attempted their removal. Employee #1 placed his right hand near the rollers of the machine. The rollers contacted his right ring finger, pulling it into the machine and amputating it. Emergency medical personnel were summoned. They arrived and transported him to a medical center. Employee #1 was then transferred to a regional hand medical center, where he underwent surgery and received additional treatment and was afterwards hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 8, 2022, an employee was working for a firm that grew and distributed avocados throughout the area. He drove light trucks. The firm wa s shipping pallets of avocados for the upcoming Super Bowl. The employee was ope rating a Nissan UniCarrier rider pallet jack carrying an order of avocados. He w as inside a cooler. The pallet jack stopped automatically after it struck an ang le iron located along the edges of the floor of the cooler. The employee got off the pallet jack and started walking away, when he fell over the guide rail, ont o the epoxy floor. His right leg struck an angle iron when he fell. He suffered a hip fracture. He was hospitalized. He reported no problems with the pallet jac k, and he was a certified operator. The local fire department reported the incid ent to DOSH by phone on February 8, 2022. The employer reported the incident on February 9, 2022. By the time of the investigation, the scene of the incident ha d been changed.
caught_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 24, 2015, an employee was engaged in trenching operation s, which included tasks such as dust mitigation, taking depth measurements of th e trench, dislodging any foreign objects that may be caught in the chain of the trenching machine (Trencher Tesmec, Model: 1150 XHD).  A coworker, operator, of the trencher stated that the employee was to the exterior of the machine sprayin g water near the point of operation, to mitigate the dust. The operator did not provide an explanation as to why the employee was working within five meters fro m the trenching machines point of operation.  The operator stated that prior to the incident, the employee worked at a safe distance from the point of operatio n, and when the operator looked down at his control panel in the cab of the mach ine, he looked back up to locate the employee, and did not see him.  At that poi nt, the coworker/operator hit the emergency stop button, and later identified th at the employee had been caught in between the boom and trench. Per the Coroner' s autopsy report, the employee was killed from injuries sustained by the inciden t.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:20 p.m. on April 1, 2015, Employee #1 and a coworker were rem oving a 50 ft steel pipe that was to be loaded on a truck and transported to a p ipe inspection area at the same facility. Employee #1 had been waiting on the fo rklift operator to arrive at the pipe rigging area. After waiting, Employee #1 s tarted removed cribbing from the pipe rig. As he removed the cribbing, two 50 ft steel pipes rolled and struck Employee #1, causing a traumatic head injury that killed him.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:32 a.m. on May 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a remodeling company, was working at a single family residence.  He was on a 6-foot scaffold and using a Sawzall reciprocating saw to cut a piece of lumber when the saw kicked back.  Th e employee lost his balance and fell from the scaffold 6 to the concrete floor. The employee was transported to the hospital for treatment of a laceration to t he head, laceration and swelling to the right wrist and leg, a bruised and black eye, and back pain.  He was released without hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on July 13, 2022, an employee was working on the utility portions o f the mobile home.  The employee was struck by a falling device (spider) that wa s allegedly attached to the hook on a crane. The employee died of fractures to t he skull, ribs, and vertebrate and internal head injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by an electri cal contractor, were replacing a deteriorating utility pole and installing a new pole in a residential area.  Employee #1 was working from the pole and removing wires and equipment from the pole when he cut into an energized 21 Kilovolt lin e.  The employee was shocked and burned.  Power to a secondary line had been de- energized, but the primary lines were energized.  His coworkers used an aerial d evice to rescue Employee #1.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted fo r treatment of electric shock and burns to the hands.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:30 a.m. on May 14, 2015, Employee #1, a logging truck operato r, was attempting to throw a strap over his load to secure it. He fell into the path of another log truck and was struck.  He suffered a pelvis fracture and lat er died.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 15, 2019, Employee #1 was installing laminate flooring at a four-unit apartment complex.  He was using an unguarded Dewalt table saw to cut the pieces of flooring when his left hand struck against the saw blade.  His mi ddle finger was amputated, and the ring finger was partially amputated.  The emp loyee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for the amputations.
electrocution_nonfatal	On November 1, 2005, Employee #1 was standing on an aluminum ladder, handling a 46 ft long metal gutter for installation on a two-story residential dwelling. The gutter contacted a primary electrical power transmission line and Employee #1 sustained a strong electric shock that caused him to fall from the ladder. He suffered severe electrical burns from the shock, and head and back injuries from the fall.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on July 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was finishing the day's work at a one-story commercial building.  He was winding in the cable of an electrically powered Top Lift laddervator when his h and became caught between the cable and a rung.  Two fingers were amputated.  Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the amputat ions.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on September 1, 2020, Employee # 1 was changing out electronic boa rds on a mobile radar unit. Employee # 1 came into contact with a high voltage s ource, and he fell to the ground, striking his head on the way to the ground. Em ployee # 1 was working on equipment while energized and was electrocuted.  The e mployee was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 31, 2014, Employee #1 was standing on a s caffold installing sheetrock in an elevator shaft using a hand drill to screw th e sheetrock into the beams.  He had one foot on the scaffold platform and the ot her foot on a horizontal piece of wood between the vertical beams. The wood gave way and he fell approximately 14 feet, striking his head and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 5, 2019, an employee was securing drilling equipment to the trailer for transport when he fell approximately 4 feet before landing on th e ground.  The employee was knocked unconscious and sustained hand and wrist con tusions.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on January 7, 2021, Employee #1 was working at the site of a comme rcial building rehabilitation.  He was prying up a wood board when a piece of wo od struck and punctured his right eye.  The employee was transported to the hosp ital, admitted, and treated for the eye wound.
electrocution_fatal	On June 7, 2010, Employee #1 and #2 of Premier Maid Service, Inc., had been power washing a 3 story home all day. The employees were soaking wet. It was explained that the employees had tied a 40 ft aluminum ladder to two other small aluminum extension ladders ("daisy chain") to extend the ladder approximately 40 ft. The employees were working on the second tier of the home trying to access the upper most area in the peak of the triangle. Employee #1 was on the ladder and came down while Employee #2 took the ladder to move it. It was believed that Employee #2 lost his hold and the ladder went back, hitting the primary conductive power line which was approximately 13, 800 Volts. Employee #1 tried to help, but was knocked to the ground and was later taken to the hospital for treatment at the burn unit. Employee #2 was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on August 20, 2018, an employee was placing some plastic film on to p of a textile baler and a coworker activated it.  The employee's right hand was crushed when the top plate closed on it.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on March 16, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing and heating company, was engaged in installation work at a construction site, a four-story multifamily residential structure.  He was on an upper level and reaching throug h an open window while pushing a PVC pipe through a wall opening.  The window de tached from its framing, and Employee #1 fell through the window, a fall height of 40 feet.  He sustained fractures to his skull, arm, and leg.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:05 p.m. on January 24, 2018, an employee was helping a machine operator. T he employee's hand was crushed between a hold down and a steel coil. The employe e sustained an amputation. The employee was hospitalized and treated for his inj uries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on May 30, 2017, Employee #1 was holding a fuse when an electrical arc occurred. The employee contacted the 26 kilovolt arc and sustained electrica l burns, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on September 30, 2008, Employee #1 was conducting a pretrip inspection of a white Cummins 1991 Freightliner Truck, License Number 9A07627, used for mail delivery by the United States Postal Service. Employee #1 turned on the truck and waited for the air to build up in the air compressor to test the brakes. Soon after, he put the truck into first gear and proceeded to check the air brakes system for any leaks. He then lifted the hood of the engine compartment to check the water level for the engine. Employee #1 then summoned a coworker to start the engine of the truck, while he stood at the front of the truck to observe water level reading of the engine compartment. As the coworker started the engine, the vehicle hurled forward, causing Employee # 1 to fall into the engine compartment. The truck continued forward, striking two more vehicles that were located 4 feet in front of the truck. Emergency services were contacted and Employee #1 was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was treated for multiple rib fractures and chest trauma.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 1, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a truck and crane servic e, was working at an electrical utility company's yard.  Employee #1 and coworke rs were moving, rearranging, and rigging wood utility poles in racks.  Each pole weighed more than 3,000 pounds.  Pole lengths varied.  Employee #1 was walking on one of the poles when it shifted.  Employee #1 lost his footing and fell back wards, with one leg straddling the pole.  A second pole, racked at a higher tier , rolled down and pinned Employee #1 against the pole.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and tr eated for multiple injuries, including a fractured spine, fractured ribs, a punc tured and collapsed lung, and a bruised liver.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 11, 2018, an employee was moving inventory with a powered i ndustrial truck, Forklift GS12, Model Number 2C5000 and Serial Number AT9031293. The employee maneuvered the forklift in an unsafe manner and the forklift tippe d over. He sustained bruises on his leg and head. The employee was not hospitali zed.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on April 6, 2018, an employee was working from a 40 foot tall alumi num ladder to install fascia. The employee descended the ladder and proceeded to move it in a southerly direction. During movement, the ladder came into contact with the power line and electrocuted the employee.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:43 a.m. on October 26, 2021, an employee was operating a Raymond stand-up f orklift to pick-up pallets in a warehouse. Although the employee was instructed by their supervisor on how to operate the stand-up forklift, but the employee di d not successfully complete training and evaluation for operating the stand-up f orklift.  The employee also did not physically fit into the forklift's operator cabin comfortably due to his body size.  The employee was driving the stand-up f orklift back to its parking location when he lost control and crashed into a rac k, causing his left foot to slip out of the cabin platform and get caught in bet ween the forklift and the rack.  The employee was wearing steel-toed boots as re quired. The employee's supervisor was in another area of the warehouse and did n ot witness the incident. The employee was hospitalized to treat a partial amputa tion of his left foot.
electrocution_fatal	On April 25, 2008, Employee #1, a driver for a trucking company, was delivering a load of gravel to a site near the corner of Highway 80 and Chatfield Road. When he pulled onsite, he decided to dump his load underneath a power line. As his trailer lifted into the air, it was apparently entangled in the power lines. Employee #1 was killed from an electric shock.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 4:29 p.m. on February 16, 2019, an employee was driving a forkl ift.  As the employee reached out and over to open the door of the entrance of t he cooler, the employee became stuck between the forklift and a barrier pole.  T he employee was taken to the  ER and admitted to the hospital for observation. T he employee was eventually released.
caught_nonfatal	On September 19, 2011, three employees were cleaning the forming machines and had left the forming line. Employee #1 returned to the Number 1 forming machine and reached in to brush material away from the shave-off rotor. The rotor caught his glove and pulled his hand and arm into the spinning rotor. Employee #1's arm was fractured, and he was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 28, 2020, an employee was working to couple a trailer t o a work truck. At some point, the trailer fell onto the employee's head and the employee was killed by asphyxiation.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 26, 2018, an employee was patching a section of roof s hingles and fell from the roof.  The employee struck a parked trailer wheel when reaching the ground and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker employed by an electric cooperative was in an aerial lift, disconnecting a 7200-volt overhead power line. The employee apparently contacted the power line, received an electric shock, and lost consciousness. When a coworker did not get a response from the worker in the aerial lift, the coworker used the lower controls on the aerial lift to lower the injured employee. The coworker administered cardiopulmonary resuscitation and used an automated electronic defibrillator supplied by an onsite inspector from the cooperative. Emergency medical services arrived on the site and transported the injured employee to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead. He had been electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on May 11, 2014, the employees were attaching the counter weights w hile assembling a CK Kobelco 1600 Crane at the time of the accident. A vehicle b y-passed barricades and local police which were positioned miles ahead of the wo rk zone. Employee #1 was directly hit by the vehicle throwing him into an outrig ger. Employee #2 was caught-in/between the vehicle and counter weight. Employee #1 was killed and employee #2 suffered an amputation.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:42 a.m. on July 29, 2019, Employee #1 was working from an 8-foot stepladde r and cocking a ventilation unit at a hotel.   As he descended the stepladder, h e slipped and fell, fracturing his left wrist.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he received medical treatment for the fracture and was relea sed without hospitalization.
caught_fatal	At approximately 4:05 p.m. on September 24, 2012, Employee #1 was cleaning the t ailgate of a dump truck. The tailgate was propped open with a wooden stake. As h e cleaned the tailgate, the wooden stake broke, which caused the tailgate to fal l. The tailgate struck him on his head, caused a severe laceration and blunt for ce head trauma. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, where he later died.
struck_fatal	At 11:21 a.m. on  November 18, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction con tractor, was installing new drainage pipes at a commercial building project.  He was leveling a section of reinforced concrete pipe when an excavator bucket det ached and struck him.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force trauma and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 6, 2017, an employee was climbing a portable ladder to pla ce a tarp over a skylight. During positioning of the tarp, he slipped and fell 1 9 feet to the floor below. The employee sustained a bruised lung, broken collar bone, three-fractured ribs, and a fractured skull.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction subcon tractor, was engaged in renovation work at a hotel.  He was operating a Dewalt t able saw with unguarded blade and holding a 2 by 4 piece of wood that he was cut ting.  The blade hit a knot in the wood, the wood jerked, and Employee #1's left middle finger was pushed against the saw blade and partially amputated.  Employ ee #1 was treated at the hospital and released without hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 20, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an electrica l and solar energy company, were working at a multiemployer construction project for a power plant.  They were manually disconnecting electrical lines that conn ected solar panels.  An arc flash occurred, and both employees sustained electri c burns.  Emergency services were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transport ed to a burn center.  Employee #1 was treated for burns to five fingers, and Emp loyee #2 was treated for burns to both hands.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on March 14, 2019, an employee was removing and re-installing meta l decking throughout a commercial building. As employees removed and re-installe d the metal decking, they would place the old metal decking over the skylights o n the roof. Employee #1 was working as a laborer who was removing the old metal decking and removing the old roof jacks.  Employee #1 walked beyond the extensio n ladder "safe zone" (attempted CDZ) and fell through the skylight and was kille d.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on December 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as on the roof of a one-story commercial building and preparing to begin work. He fell through a skylight.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to his spine and hand.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on April 27, 2021, Employee # 1 was on the floor fixing an oven tha t was plugged into an electric outlet. He reached behind the equipment and touch ed a part that was energized. He suffered an electric burn on his left arm. The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on June 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a power line constructio n company, was completing work at an installation.  He was installing a label on a power pole when he came into contact with a live power line jumper and sustai ned an electric shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the electric shock.
electrocution_fatal	On or near August 17, 2006, Employee #1, a 32-year-old worker who had been employed for five months, was apparently fabricating and welding a bracket for the outside portion of the sleeper rack on a Peterbilt tractor, in the rear southwest corner of an automotive shop. Employee #1 removed the bracket and welded from the outside, with the MIG (metal inert gas) machine. When he ran out of argon, Employee #1 asked a coworker if he could use the electrical Lincoln two-arc welding machine (Model Number AC-225). The coworker apparently informed Employee #1 that they did not use the welding machine, because it did not work right, but the employees began to search for welding leads. Employee #1 used the Lincoln welding machine to complete the welds to the bracket and then showed his coworker that the welding machine did work, before he proceeded to complete the task. Employee #1 placed and welded the bracket which was located under the frame on the driver's side, approximately 32 inches from the outside frame, in a very awkward position for welding. Employee #1 proceeded to use the Lincoln welding machine to complete the welds on the bottom of the C-channel bracket. An interviewed coworker heard a shout and ran to Employee #1, who was approximately 15 feet to 20 feet away. The coworker found Employee #1 on the ground, lying on his right side. Employee #1 was killed. The coworker went on to mention that Employee #1 had his back turned away, and he could not tell if Employee #1 had the stinger in his hand. At the scene, the CSHO (Compliance Safety and Health Officer) noted that the welding machine was in the "on" position (disconnected) and the welding rod was still in the stinger. The investigation concluded that Employee #1 was possibly electrocuted, until otherwise ruled by the Medical Examiner's office. Evidence for the conclusion included welding leads with several exposed areas on the stinger and the ground ends, a broken ground clamp, and very dry-rotted and cracked ground leads. There was also a possibility that the DC (direct current) electrical welding machine was connected to the 220-volt AC (alternating current) metal quad box on the ground, apparently with a flexible extension cord.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:10 p.m. on August 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection and fabrication company, was engaged in equipment maintenance.  He was performing a drill bit changeover on a Voortman machine when the drill bit fell onto the floo r.  Employee #1 crossed over the machine conveyor, and at the same moment a beam was ejected.  The beam struck his right leg.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture to his right leg and ankle.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on July 9, 2020, an employee was working for a gutter cleaning serv ice. He was at a residence, setting up a 9.8-meter (32-foot) Werner aluminum ext ension ladder. He was working near an overhead power line. The phase conductors were approximately 6.9 meters (22.5 feet) above the ground. They were energized at a distribution voltage of 7.2kV phase-to-ground or 12.5kV phase-to-phase. As the employee raised the upper section of the ladder, it came into contact with o ne or more phase conductors. There was a path for current to take, possibly from the employee's left arm, which was in contact with the ladder, through the empl oyee's body, and exiting from his foot. He was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 19, 2019, an employee stood on a stepladder (Louisville Ladder) to work on a section of fascia approximately twelve feet from the ground . A coworker lowered a rope to the employee, who then reached out to grab the ro pe. The ladder fell over and the employee fell approximately nine feet. The empl oyee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat fractures to both ankles.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on March 16, 2018, an employee was hoisting a generator to the roof and fell three stories.  The employee was transported by the local fire departm ent to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital and died later that same day from the injur ies sustained from the fall.
caught_nonfatal	On July 27, 2010, Employee #1, an employee of Campanella Corporation, for some reason caught his right leg in a rock crusher. Employee #1 fractured his tibia. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 30, 2015, Employee #1 and two crews of coworkers, emplo yed by a steel erection company, were working at a commercial warehouse construc tion site.  They were installing metal cross braces along open webbed steel jois ts.  Employee #1 was operating an Illini Hi-Reach JLG Lift, a telescopic boom ae rial lift and was connecting the cross braces to an affixed joist.  He was trail ing and setting the cross braces approximately 50 to 100 feet behind his coworke rs, the erecting crew.  During this operation Employee #1 appears to have leaned over the control panel of the lift, causing it to engage and pinning him betwee n the frame of the lift basket and the base of the open webbed joists.  Employee #1 was killed.  Cause of death was determined to be asphyxia.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on December 18, 2013, Employee #1, a crew foreman employed by GM Construction and Developers, Inc., was working at a building site, engaged in bituminous concrete placement. He was operating a chop saw when he cut his left lower arm/wrist. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the University of California Davis Medical Center. He was admitted and treated, which included surgery following the initial treatment. Employee #1 was released from the hospital at approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 21, 2013. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by the employer's office manager at 2:05 p.m. on December 18, 2013.
electrocution_nonfatal	An engineer for a radio station was setting up a van for a remote radio broadcast at a new car dealership. The antenna for the van's radio transmission link back to the station's studio came into contact with an overhead power line. The van's body became energized, and the engineer received an electric shock from the van. He was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on March 8, 2019, Employee #1 was operating a Komatsu forklift.  He was transporting "fire skids" into the warehouse.  He lost control of the truck , causing  it to strike a trash dumpster.  The trash dumpster rebounded towards the truck.  Employee #1 attempted to stop the trash dumpster, and in so doing hi s hand was caught between the trash dumpster and the truck.  Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a fractured right hand.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 16, 2017, a truck driver released the straps and got u p on the flatbed.  A forklift was standing by to unload the steel bar when the d river's feet became tangle in the straps causing him to fall off the truck on th e passenger side. Simultaneously, the round stock had momentum and continued to roll and fell on employee killing him instantly.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on July 21, 2017, an employee was working for a machine shop and wa s welding on a steel plate. The plate was being held by two sawhorses by tack we lds. When the employee cut the tack welds, the steel plate fell onto the employe e's foot. He sustained a broken foot and broken toes. He was hospitalized for tw o or more days.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:03 a.m. on April 24, 2017, Employee #1 and two fixture installers were loc ated in the rear of a bobtail truck rearranging loaded pallets of fixtures that weighed 1,924 pounds. They moved pallet A to the edge of the bobtail and the cow orker moved with his pallet jack to the back of the bobtail behind pallet B to p repare to move it with Employee #1. Employee #1 pulled his pallet jack out of pa llet A and inserted it in pallet B. Employee #1 was between both pallets and he now had his back to the load he just moved.  Pallet A became unstable and fell o ver, pinning Employee #1 between Pallet A, the pallet jack, and Pallet B.  Emplo yee #1 pulled himself from between the two pallets; however, sustained injury to his right side the included damaged ribs, torso, severed colon, and a punctured right lung. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries. The incident investi gation attributed the incident to the use of improper equipment for unloading, l ack of employee training, overloading of pallets, and working on an inclined sur face.
fall_fatal	At 2:52 p.m. on October 2, 2020, an employee was tearing down burnt roof while n ot wearing fall protection. The employee fell 23 feet onto a concrete floor and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on November 28, 2017, Employee #1, a roofer, was working with the owner of the company replacing/repairing soffit on the third floor of a resident ial apartment building, 25 to 30 feet from the ground. The employee and the owne r were working on different sides of the building. When the owner came around to the side of the building where Employee #1 was working, he found the employee o n the ground. Emergency personnel were summoned and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he died two days later as a result of the injuries sustai ned in the fall. Due to the lack of an eye witnesses, it was not possible to det ermine if the victim fell from the balcony or the ladder he had been using.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 15, 2005, Employees #1 and #2, of Daniel Electric, were installing circuit breakers on the main electrical panel at a 99 Cents Only store, a chain with which the employer, a licensed electrical contractor, had a long-time business relationship. Employee #1 was holding a screwdriver with one hand and a breaker with the other hand, while Employee #2 held a flashlight and watched from a few feet away. Employee #1 lost his grip on the breaker and it fell across two energized busbars, creating an arc flash that knocked both employees to the ground. The nominal phase-to-phase voltage on the panel was 277 volts, and the phase-to-ground voltage was 480 volts. Employees #1 and #2 were transported USC Medical Center, where Employee #1 was hospitalized and Employee #2 was treated and released. Neither of them had been equipped with approved personal protective equipment, such as face shields, insulated gloves, or insulated tools. The employer was cited for a violation, serious, for not providing and ensuring the use of approved insulated gloves, insulated tools, and eye protection, and for not providing instructions on work techniques and hazards involved in working on energized equipment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:40 a.m. on October 1, 2003, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was preparing to change the lugs inside a three-phase, 208 volt circuit panel box by moving the three feeder cables out of the way. He was holding two of the cables, one in each hand, when he suffered an electric shock. Employee #1 was transported to Bayview Burn Center, where he was hospitalized overnight. Subsequent investigation found that before the work was started, the employer did not determine whether it was safe for employees to be working in close proximity to live circuits. In addition, the circuit was not verified, by observation or with instruments, to be de-eneegized; the circuit was not de-energized and rendered inoperative; and the circuit was not tagged. It was also determined that the employees needed training in energy control procedures.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m., on September 16, 2008, Employee #1 and a coworker (a production worker) were using hand-held rags to clean spilled liquid shoe polish cream from the turntable and tube holder cups, and the tube crimping area, of a Kalix KX 601 tube filler machine. The machine's power remained on to clean the turntable and the 12 tube holder cups, one by one. The coworker pressed the machine's pendant control to move to the next tube holder cup. At the same time, Employee #1 was using a rag wrapped around his left index finger to clean the tube crimping area. His left index finger got caught in the crimping area and he sustained fracture and amputation of the finger. Employee #1 was initially taken to U.S. HealthWorks for treatment. He was then taken to the Arrowhead Regional Medical Center for surgery and was discharged at 10:00 p.m. the same day. The employer manufactures shoe polish cream, shampoos, conditioners, shower gels and creams for commercial wholesale businesses.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on August 24, 2007, Employee #1, a journeyman carpenter for ASR Constructors, Inc., was using a Skilsaw circular saw, model HD77, serial #HH144084, to rip cut a 2 7/8 in. strip out of a 16 ft long board. Employee #1 held one end of the 2-by-4 with his left hand and rested the other end on the ground. Due to the 8 ft length of the saw's power cord, Employee #1 was ripping and then feeding the board toward him. He had made one cut approximately 2 ft long and was starting to make a second cut when the saw kicked back. The blade went through the board and over Employee #1's left hand, which was positioned behind the saw blade, amputating his index finger, which was below the board. Employee #1 was airlifted to Loma Linda University Medical Center. The lower guard was not prevented from operating automatically by pins, wedges, or other devices. The saw was plugged directly into an electrical box mounted approximately 6 feet off the ground on a temporary pole. No extension cords were in use. Employee #1 did not secure and support the board to prevent it from sagging and bending, and, consequently, the blade from binding.
caught_fatal	On October 13, 2011, Employees #1, #2, and two other coworkers, all electrical power installers, were on Highway 70 near Rock Creek Reservoir in an F550, and the right tires drifted off the road. Employee #1 was driving and over corrected, sending the vehicle into the reservoir. The vehicle sank 25 feet. The two coworkers were seated in the rear and were able to open their doors and swim to shore. Employee #1 and #2 were not recovered until the vehicle was pulled from the reservoir. Both employees were pronounced dead at the site.
caught_fatal	At 4:45 p.m. on September 29, 2016, an employee was attempting to back out a Cat erpillar wheeled excavator out from a maintenance garage bay when he apparently caught his head between the stationary garage overhead door structure and the wh eeled excavator he was operating. Preliminary witness statements indicate that i t appears the employee was attempting to stop an outside mirror from striking th e garage bay door when the vehicle continued to move to the exterior, pinning hi m between the garage bay door structure and the cab of the excavator. The employ ee was killed from massive head trauma.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on July 16, 2018, Employee #1 and #2 were pumping concrete. While pumping concrete, the concrete boom became loose and hit  Employee #1 in the hea d, causing a laceration. Employee #2 was also struck by the boom and suffered a fractured right arm.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:50 p.m. on March 29, 2019, an employee was unloading an Exmark Z sprayer of f a truck and was caught when the equipment tuned over onto him.  The employee s ustained multiple fractures to both legs.
struck_fatal	On February 11, 2014, an employee was working as a truck driver for H & E Equipment Services Inc., an equipment rental company. He was a permanent employee. He was delivering a Genie Model Number S125 boom lift, or aerial lift, with Serial Number 2413, to a customer's site in Los Angeles, CA. A Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) bus hit the bottom corner of the aerial lift's basket. The basket was approximately 3.2 meters (10.5 feet) above the ground. The employee was ejected. He sustained severe head trauma, and he died at the hospital later that morning. There were no eyewitnesses. The causes of the incident were a failure to be secured to the basket through the use of a safety belt, body belt, or body harness equipped with safety strap or lanyard; failure to survey the route to be travelled for traffic hazards; and failure to implement traffic controls. The fatality was reported to the Division that same day.
caught_fatal	At 4:45 p.m. on July 21, 2017, an employee was guiding a 2007 Freightliner 3 axl e truck, license plate number SC350, truck into the dock bay and was caught betw een the truck and steel racking.  The employee's head and chest was crushed and the employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 25, 2015, an employee was sitting on top of one of the met al trellis joists that he was preparing to clean.  The employee fell from the jo ist, hit the railing or wall at the edge of the deck, and continued to fall appr oximately 14 feet to the concrete pool deck on second floor of the building.  Th e employee was wearing a harness, but was not connected to anything for fall pro tection. The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on November 19, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a road construction company, was surveying a highway gore for lane striping.  He had left the highwa y work zone, driven in a company vehicle two miles south, and stepped onto the h ighway to paint spots in support of the striping operation.  No visual or physic al barriers protected the employee.  As he worked, he was struck by an oncoming heavy duty truck moving at high speed.  The employee sustained multiple system t raumatic injuries and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:07 a.m. on April 2, 2019, an employee assisted in the installation of new s ewage pipes in an excavation. At some point, the employee was struck in the ches t by a twenty-four inch HDPE pipe. The employee was hospitalized for rib fractur es and a collapsed lung.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:56 a.m. on March 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing removal compa ny, was working at a multiemployer project, a two-story residential rehab.  He w as working from a scaffold when an outer leg of the scaffold collapsed.  Employe e #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 14 feet.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for a skull fracture and a facial fracture.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 21, 2017, a 30 year old male employee was tearing off a section of flat insulated roofing material when he stepped on a deteriorated se ction of the metal decking and fell 20 feet to the concrete below and was killed .  Other workers were present within 30 feet of the employee performing the same type of work and witnessed the incident.  Weather was not a factor and the empl oyee was not wearing fall protection.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on June 8, 2017, Employee #1 was standing approximate ly 25 ft away from a trash chute. A 3 ft-long piece of 2 in. by 4 in. wood fell from a 40-foot height. The wood struck and ricocheted off an excavator and then hit Employee #1s forearm. The wood fractured and lacerated his arm. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then ho spitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:25 p.m. on February 15, 2019, Employee #1, an apprentice, and Employee #2, a foreman/supervisor, both employed by a home builder, were working on a residen tial garage remodeling project.  They were cutting the existing rafter ties, res haping them, and repositioning them to create a higher ceiling.   Employee #1 wa s working from a scaffold, holding the rafter ties while they were cut by Employ ee #2, and then holding the reshaped rafter ties in their new positions while Em ployee #2 nailed them into place.  The rafter ties were not bolted or otherwise sufficiently secured; they were nailed in with four to six 16-penny nails to hol d them in place.   Approximately 15 rafter ties were cut and repositioned in suc cession from the front of the garage to the back.  The roof collapsed, cascading from front to back, as the employees were working on the 15th rafter tie.  Ther e were no effective bracing measures utilized to prevent the load of the roof fr om collapsing.  When the roof collapsed, Employee #1 was pinned between the scaf fold and the roof.   Employee #2, who was working from the fourth rung of an A-f rame ladder, was struck by a falling piece of wood and knocked off the ladder. The employees were transported to the hospital, where Employee #1 was admitted f or treatment of fractures to his left leg tibia and fibula bones.  Employee #2 w as treated for a minor head injury and contusion and was released.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on June 27, 2017, four employees were pouring a slur ry concrete at a rebar wall against the slope. The scaffold gave way, all four e mployees were injured when scaffold fell and the rebar wall fell on top of the e mployees. The employees suffered from multiple fractures resulting in hospitaliz ation of two employees.
electrocution_fatal	On September 19, 2008, a welder engaged in ship fitting operations, was electrocuted after falling and being struck by his own welding rod.
caught_fatal	On December 30, 2009, Employee #1 was working on an I-beam 20 ft above ground level bolting up. In the next bay, two coworkers were getting ready to tie-in another I-beam into the one located directly above the beam on which Employee #1 was sitting. The beam, 15 ft above Employee #1 was held in place by two bolts, but no nuts. The two coworkers tried to marry the two beams together which knocked the two bolts out of the beam above Employee #1. The beam fell and struck the beam Employee #1 was on, crushing and killing him.
caught_fatal	At 7:04 p.m. on November 3, 2017, an employees was removing chain slings from a load that had been placed into its frame support structure. The overhead gantry crane hoisted the hook and in turn the chain sling. During the hoisting the chai n sling came into contact with the load now resting in the carriage.  The load b ecame dislodged, pinning the employee between the load and a steel table. The em ployee sustained internal bleeding and possible liver and kidney damage, and lat er died.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was operating a forklift truck at a multiemployer construction project, a three -story multifamily residence.  He was wearing a fall arrest harness and lanyard. As he drove, the lanyard became caught by the vehicle's rear tire, and Employe e #1 was yanked from the seat to the ground.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including contusions, abrasions, and possible fractures to hi s ribs, shoulder, left arm, and left leg.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on July 20, 2019, an employee was operating a Skytrax telehandler t raveling to a staging area to pick up roofing materials. The boom was in the ele vated position and made contact with an energized 69kv power line.  The employee was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on August 1, 2018, an employee placed a ladder on a rolling scaffo ld. At some point, while standing on the ladder, the scaffold tipped over and th e employee fell approximately twelve feet. The employee was hospitalized for fra ctures to the right leg and hip.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on March 17, 2014, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction company specializing in concrete cutting services, were engaged in the demolition of a concrete wall along a highway. Coworker #1 was operating a Pentruder 8-20HF Wall Saw, and Employee #1 was assisting. Employee #1 was hit in the stomach by the wall saw. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Providence Holy Cross Hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a stomach laceration. He remained hospitalized for three weeks. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA at 10:15 a.m. on March 17, 2014. The subsequent investigation included interviews with Employee #1, Coworker #1, and the site supervisor, who was not on site when the injury occurred. There were no other witnesses to the event. Employee #1 had worked for the company as a Laborer for approximately 15 years and was performing his regular duties when the injury occurred. The investigation determined that the wall saw had been improperly installed, and the saw blade was unguarded. The investigation concluded that Employee #1 had been exposed to an unguarded saw blade and an improperly installed Pentruder 8-20HF wall saw. As a result, Cal/OSHA issued a General citation according to CCR Title 8 Sec: 1509(a) and 4184(b) due to lack of evidence of employer knowledge.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 19, 2016, Employee #1 and a coworker were removing dirt f rom a trench that measured 10.25 feet deep. While Employee #1 used a shovel to s coop the dirt from the trench, the coworker was instructed to lower the bucket o f a backhoe into the trench, where the dirt would be placed. As the coworker ope rated the backhoe controls, he unintentionally maneuvered the bucket  in a forwa rd direction, striking Employee #1 and pinning him between the bucket and the tr ench wall.  Employee #1 died as a result of his injuries. The incident investiga tion revealed that the coworker was untrained in the operation of the backhoe.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at the jobsite for a residential structure.  He was chalking lin es near the edge of the open-sided second floor when he fell to the concrete, a fall height of 10 to 12 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, adm itted, and treated for a concussion and fractures to multiple vertebrae, his rig ht foot, and three toes.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on June 18, 2009, Employee #1 was a member of a work crew that was installing fencing. At the end of the shift, Employee #1 was helping a coworker store tools. The coworker was operating a Bobcat tractor, Model No. 763. Employee #1 got onto the front housing section of the Bobcat with his feet braced behind the top rim of the bucket section and instructed the operator to give him a ride back to the meeting spot. The operator did not realize that Employee #1's feet were in the pinch point and tilted the bucket back to provide clearance for driving down the road. The pivoting action of the bucket pushed and pinned Employee #1's feet backwards and fractured all the toes on his left foot and for one toe on his right foot. He was hospitalized at Kaiser Hospital for four days for treatment of his injured toes.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on February 9, 2007, Employee #1, the lead man, and a coworker who was working with him on the project that day, were removing overhead lighting fixtires in a classroom. Employee #1 instructed the coworker to remove the light fixtures and he would disconnect the electrical whips. He identified the electrical junction box entering the classroom, and planned to remove the wire nuts and disconnect the wires running through the ceiling that energized the light fixtures. Once the lighting system was no longer energized, the lighting and overhead wiring could be removed safely. Employee #1 identified there was no switch or disconnect, only the main feed for that classroom. Since school classes were in session, he did not want to shut down the main electrical feed into the lighting system but, instead, to physically disconnect the wires at the junction box. Employee #1 was standing on a fiberglass stepladder, removed the junction box cover, and then began to remove the wire nuts with his bare hands. As he was working, he contacted an energized electrical conductor and he fell off the ladder onto the concrete floor. He sustained three bruised ribs and required 12 stitches to close a head laceration. The employer provided rubber insulated gloves and sleeves for employees to wear when working on or near energized electrical conductor, but Employee #1 was not using either of these.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 9, 2017, an employee was unstrapping double T concrete be ams.  The employee was crushed when the precast concrete wall fell on top of him .
caught_fatal	At 10:47 a.m. on November 19, 2021, an employee who worked maintenance for a sho pping mall and a coworker were tasked with discarding staged items from a parkin g lot into a 40-yard trash dumpster. The employee was operating a Caterpillar Fo rklift Powered Industrial Truck (PIT) while his coworker stood at the open doors of the dumpster assorting the trash into piles after the PIT had dropped the ma terials. While attempting to dispose of a large display plywood fire hydrant, th e employee stepped out of the driver's seat and reached from underneath the fork s to push the hydrant. From the coworker's location, he could see the employee's head and arm above the wall of the dumpster reaching toward the hydrant, which was placed on the elevated forks. The employee's foot slipped, and he fell forwa rd between the mast and the forklift cage. As he fell, the employee's foot hit t he tilt lever on the forklift pinning him between the mast and the ROPS. The emp loyee crushed his abdomen and died in the hospital.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on December 27, 2021, an employee was assembling a truss using a M ax Super Stapler TA551B/16-11, pneumatic stapler with 1 ? inch staples for a roo f and floor truss manufacturer for residential and commercial construction. The employee was working on top of a truss table when he stapled one side of the tru ss and moved forward to staple another section with his finger on the trigger of the stapler.  As the employee moved, the air hose became caught in a grove on t he edge of the table pulling the gun and causing it to hit his knee lodging a st aple in it. The employee was transported to a local hospital, where he was admit ted and underwent surgery to remove the staple from his knee.
caught_fatal	At 8:15 p.m. on September 16, 2018, an employee was found dead between a well ja ck frame and a counterweight with his skull crushed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:47 p.m. on January 5, 2019, Employees #1 and #2 were engaged in welding at a petroleum refinery.  They were holding a flange that was to be welded.  An iso lation test plug ejected and struck Employee #1.  Both employees were burned, an d Employee #1 had a pipe impaled in his groin.  Both employees required medical treatment, and Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on June 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was engaged in installation work at a two-story multifamily residential buildi ng.  He was preparing to move his tools and a portable stepladder from one work location on the first floor to another in the lobby.  The employee lost his foot ing and fell down a single flight of stairs onto a concrete floor.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to both legs.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on October 11, 2018, an employee was operating a winder machine whe n a roller became stuck and the employee walked down to free it.  The employee w as struck by a tri-axle truck that backed up on the roller and he was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 4, 2006, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in thoir regular job duties when one or both contacted a 7,200-volt line. Employee #1 sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:31 a.m. on September 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing repair work at a multifamily residential building.  He wa s working from a metal extension ladder and installing a metal flashing to the b uilding.  The ladder was placed on tiled stairs leading to the building's front door.  The ladder kicked out, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for a fractured left wrist.
electrocution_fatal	On August 12, 2015, an employee grabbed an old junction box that was located und er the HVAC unit while he was laying the roofing felt. The box was bent which pi nched one of the wires located inside the box and the employee was laying undern eath the AC unit and made contact with the grounded  AC system with his back and the hot conduit box therefore completing the circuit. Employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 21, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as engaged in a new bridge construction project.  He was moving a mobile aerial lift into position, in preparation for placing the bridge deck, when his hand be came caught between the lift and the bridge.  Employee #1 was treated for a hand laceration.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 5, 2020, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a precast concrete and structural steel company, were installing precast concrete stairs for a new 15-story commercial building, a multi-employer construction project. They were on the 13th and 14th floors and adjusting the stairs for proper elevat ion.  The employees were using a 20-foot webbed sling and two 3-ton chain hoists .  The stairs below the 13th floor had been installed, including necessary weldi ng.  The stairs on the 13th and 14th floors were not yet welded or secured.  The employees were in the process of adjusting the stairs for proper elevation when the 14th floor staircase collapsed and hit the 13th floor.  This caused all of the stairs directly below to collapse as well.  The three employees, who were ti ed off to the staircases, were pulled down with the collapsing concrete, which h ad a total weight of approximately 75,000 pounds.  The employees and concrete fe ll down the staircase shaft, a fall height of approximately 150 feet.  Employees #1, #2, and #3 were all killed.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on June 22, 2018, Employee #1 had completed removing old siding fro m three dormers. The employee crossed over the peak of the roof from front to ba ck and fell approximately 32 feet to the concrete. The employee sustained multip le fractures and a puncture to the head, possibly from a hammer. Employee #1 was killed in the fall.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was engaged in plumbing installation at a new multifamily residential structure, a multiemployer construction project.  He was standing on a 6-foot ladder and u sing a hole saw to drill a 4-inch hole into the top plate.  The saw kicked back and struck the employee's face.  The employee fell, a fall height of 5 feet.  He was treated for a bruised shoulder, lacerations to his arms and legs, and two b roken teeth.  He was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 26, 2021, an employee was working as an operator of in dustrial trucks for a chain of supermarkets. She was working at a warehouse. She was operating an electric riding pallet jack, or tow motor. She was on the morn ing shift performing her regular duties as an order selector. She took her lunch break at 10:30 a.m. to about 11:00 a.m. Returning from lunch, she entered the w arehouse from the parking lot and boarded the same tow motor she had during the morning to drive to the time clock located near the shipping office. When she st arted the tow motor, she bumped into another parked tow motor. The throttle cont roller on her tow motor was malfunctioning. A coworker told her to get another t ow motor after she clocked in. She hopped back on the tow motor, put it in rabbi t mode (that is, high speed mode), and drove toward time clock on the open floor . Two other tow motors were in front of her, both approaching and slowing to ent er a one-way doorway. The employee was going too fast and unable to slow down, r eportedly due to the faulty throttle controller. She swerved left to avoid a col lision with the other tow motors and attempted to drive through another door, ma rked "do not enter," against opposing traffic. When she saw oncoming tow motor h eaded at her, she turned her tow motor into the center of the two doors, directl y into the yellow metal bollards between the doorways. She attempted to jump off her tow motor seconds before striking the metal bollard. Her leg was crushed be tween her tow motor and the center divider wall or bollard pole. She suffered a laceration in her lower right leg, with an open fracture of her right tibia. She was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on January 27, 2016, an employee was under his truck behind the fro nt passenger side tire, using a 1 foot metal file to hit the vehicle's starter s olenoid, in an attempt to start the vehicle. When the vehicle started it was in gear and crushed the employee's neck and head. The employee was killed from head and neck trauma.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on August 1, 2017, an employee was driving a Ford F-150 pickup truc k when encountering unknown construction equipment blocking the road.  The emplo yee proceeded to drive in reverse at a high rate of speed with the driver's door open.  The truck backed up over a curb onto the sidewalk area and the employee was ejected from the vehicle.  The vehicle then ran the employee's leg over, bre aking it.  As the employee fell, his head fatally struck a building.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 23, 2018, Employee #1 and #2 were performing a plastering operation, while working from an elevated wooden scaffold, approximately 12-fee t, in elevation and hanging core board inside an air shaft.  As Employee #1 and #2 were working, the screws securing the support bracing to the walls failed cau sing the scaffold and Employee #1 and #2 to fall from the scaffold platform, lan ding approximately 12 feet, below on the ground level.  Employee #1 sustained bi lateral leg fractures, was hospitalized, and underwent surgery.  Employee #2 suf fered a broken left toe, left shoulder contusion, and a left ankle sprain, follo wing the incident.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 7, 2015, an employee was unstopping a sewer line.  The empl oyee climbed an 8 foot ladder to access a crawl space in the ceiling that was 11 feet from the ground.  The employee fell from the crawl space and hit the wall before landing on the floor.  The employee died from brain swelling while in a c oma.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:30 on March 3, 2015, an employee was working in a pool distri bution warehouse relocating an elevated aerial lift.  As the lift approached a s prinkler pipe the employee became wedged between the top guardrail and the I-bea m pinning the employee from behind.  The employee sustained blunt trauma to the neck and head and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 22, 2018, Employee #1 was assisting in the placement of a large steel awning above the front entry way of a house. While suspended, the st eel canopy became dislodged and suddenly moved towards the exterior wall of the house. Employee #1's head became caught between the house and the steel porch ca nopy. Employee #1 suffered a crushing traumatic head injury and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on November 4, 2020, an employee was working alone operating a fork lift removing 3100 pound steel rails from a stack of rails for loading onto a tr uck flatbed. The employee left the forklift after a couple of steel rails fell f rom the edge of the stack and landed next to the wall of the building.   While b ending over one of the rails immediately adjacent to the stack a rail fell and c rushed him between two rails. The employee was crushed in his mid-trunk area and killed.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on August 13, 2019, an employee and coworker were ins talling membrane roofing material on a section of flat roof over a walkway betwe en a school office and the school's multi-purpose room as part of a renovation p roject. The employee and coworker did not have a ladder with them to access the roof, so they borrowed a ladder (folding A Frame type, approximately 12ft. tall) from someone at the facility. The employee and coworker needed to get more roof ing material from the ground and when they came to the roof edge where the ladde r had been set up, they noticed that the ladder they had used to access the roof had been replaced with a shorter ladder (folding A Frame type, approximately 8 ft. tall). Neither of the two workers knew who switched the ladders. The coworke r descended the ladder first. When the employee attempted to descend from the ro of, he placed his foot on the top cap of the ladder, which shifted inward (towar ds the roof edge) causing him to lose his balance and he fell approximately 9 ft . onto the concrete sidewalk. The employee suffered a fractured left hip, bruise d left wrist, back pain, and bruised left knee. The employee was hospitalized fo r treatment and received surgery on his hip.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on July 28, 2018, Employee #1 was working from an aluminum extensio n ladder, approximately 16 feet above the ground, while attempting to connect an electrical service drop line from a residential meter socket to the overhead 24 0 volt service line. The employee made contact with the energized 120 volt condu ctors of the overhead service line and was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 30, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a miter saw to cut baseboards.  The saw blade made contact with his hand and amputated portions of three fingers.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 23, 2022, an employee installed sheathing on the top of a structure. At some point, the employee fell approximately seventeen feet and was hospitalized to treat an unspecified fracture.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 10, 2014, an employee was standing on a ladder and cutti ng a metal bracket that supported the air condenser.  The air condenser fell to the ground with the employee falling as well.  The employee received fatal blunt injuries to the head and neck.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on March 8, 2017, an employee was laying horizontal P VC sewer pipe line in an excavation from the residence to the main vertical sewe r clean out pipe tie in. The employee had just entered the 6-foot deep section o f the excavation, and did not recall anything after that. The employee called ou t to operator to get him out of the excavation. The employee allegedly struck hi s head against an object resulting in seizures. The employee was airlifted to Or ange Park Medical Center and admitted.
caught_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 31, 2018, Employee #1 was performing interior demolition wo rk at an elevated work area inside of a partially demolished building structure. He had placed a heavy motor at the edge of an unprotected wall opening, 31 feet above the ground, with half of the motor hanging off the edge. With the assista nce of two coworkers, they pushed the motor off the edge. The motor caught on th e employees sleeve or his glove, pulling him out through the wall opening to th e ground below. No guardrails or other fall protection were observed in the area . There was a barrier at the wall opening which was a steel A-frame that went fr om floor to ceiling. Employee #1 sustained a chest compression injury after fall ing and striking an exterior stair railing that was approximately 17 feet above the ground, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on March 21, 2018, an employee was moving skids of food with a for klift and was turning into an aisle from the warehouse's main thoroughfare.  The employee crushed his left leg when he struck the storage rack and amputated his leg just below the knee.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on June 21, 2021, an employee welded a blind flange to the side of a water tank. At some point, the water tank violently exploded and released one point three million gallons of water onto the employee's boom truck. The truck s upported a man basket that the employee worked from and was approximately thirty feet in the air. The force of the water knocked the truck approximately ninety feet away, rolled it over, caused the employee to be ejected from the basket, fa ll to the ground, and killed.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on March 25, 2021, an employee was driving a garbage truck when pul led up to a residence to empty a trash can. The employee lowered the trash truck 's arm but was unable to lift the can due to it being frozen to the ground. The employee exited the truck when the truck began to slide on the ice. The truck's extended arm knocked over the employee who fell underneath the truck and was kil led.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 17, 2015, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a co nstruction company, were engaged in site clearing for a pipeline construction pr oject.  Employee #1 was standing near a trailer as Coworker #1 operated an excav ator.  Coworker #1 was using the claws of the excavator to place heavy wood mats onto the trailer.  Each wood mat measured 8 inches thick by 4 inches wide by 18 feet long and weighed 3,000 pounds.  The wood mats fell from the excavator claw s and struck Employee #1.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 19, 2014, Employees #1 and #2, electrical power installers/repairers employed by PAR Electrical Contractors, Inc., were working as part of a crew installing a power transmission line. They were working on a new above-ground primary cabinet (PME). The crew was "cutting over" the new "A" phase load to the new PME #6058 and verifying that they were energizing the proper new "A" phase cable and that it was properly terminated, tagged, and mapped. They were "phoning out" the conductor by connecting a battery-operated walkie-talkie device to each end of the selected cable and verifying verbally with the persons at each end that they were connected through the same cable. This was necessary because workers at the two ends were not in view of one another. The crew first opened the down circuit structure (#B5143734) and identified the new cable. They then proceeded to set up the tools and equipment to connect the phone there. Employees #1 and #2 proceeded to the PME #6058 to connect to the opposite end of the "A" phase cable to phone back to the circuit side. Employee #1 opened the PME, which was locked and secured with star screws, and reached for the cable marked "A" phase. He removed it from the stand-off bushing and attached the phone to the probe. Employee #2 was standing behind Employee #1. Employee #1 connected one lead wire from the phone to ground. When he tried to place the second lead from the phone, a phase-to-ground fault occurred through the phone he was holding in his hand. Both Employee #1 and Employee #2 were burned in the resulting electric arc flash. Emergency services were called, and the Orange County Fire Authority responded. The two employees were transported to Western Medical Center, admitted, and treated for second and third degree burns to the face and arms. Both required surgery for their burns. Both the Orange County Fire Authority and the employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA on March 19, 2014. The subsequent investigation determined that the workers had inadvertently opened the line side of the cabinet, which was energized, rather than the load side of the cabinet.
caught_nonfatal	On June 27, 2013, Employee #1, a forklift operator, was operating a Crown 5200 series stand-up powered industrial truck (Model Number RR5220-35, Serial Number 1A253823) and was traveling in a reverse direction. He would look over his shoulder to keep his bearings and maintain his course. As he drove backwards, Employee #1 scrapped past a structural beam on his left side; his left foot, which was outside of the floorboard area of the industrial truck, became caught between the beam and the forklift's frame. The compressive forces of the two objects crushed his foot and caused a left tibia and fibula open fracture and a left ankle fracture. Prior to the collision, he had removed his foot from the brake pedal, but for unknown reasons unknown had it outside of the cab of the industrial truck. The cab has a sensor pad and a brake pedal on the floor and the operator must depress the brake pedal, which is on the left side of the cab, all the way down in order to travel and must also keep the right foot on the sensor pad. The forklift's brake is engaged by lifting the foot off the brake pedal and brings the truck into a rolling stop. Employee #1 had received training to operate the industrial truck, which included both classroom and hands-on training. The employer's training program also included specific instruction on keeping arms and legs inside the vehicle to avoid serious injury should a hand or foot be caught between the truck and a wall or any fixed object. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he underwent surgery on the multiple fractures and was then hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on January 17, 2017, an employee was located in a firewater storage tank and standing on an extension ladder to take a measurement. As he reached t o measure the particular area of the tank, the ladder slipped. The employee fell 17 feet to the bottom of the tank, sustaining a  fractured left leg. The employ ee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury. The incident investig ation reported that the ladder was not properly secured on the slippery surface of the tank, causing the ladder to slip.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on June 11, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was above a trench and inspecting it for water.  He walked onto a 4-foot by 4-fo ot piece of unsecured concrete balanced on the edge of the trench and fell into the trench.  The employee was pinned against a trench box and injured.  He was t ransported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to the collar bone and thigh bone.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1, a plumber, was electrocuted while performing his duties. The original narrative gave no other details.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on October 30, 2018, an employee was installing new plywood on a ro of when he fell through an opening and fractured his leg.  The employee was hosp italized.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:26 p.m. on August 27, 2018, an employee was working from a pump jack scaffo ld to install siding. At some point, the employee lost his balance and fell off the scaffold and received a hand fracture. The employee was taken to a local hos pital for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:22 a.m. on July 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was performing electrical work at a multiemployer construction site, a medical building.  He was installing a new circuit breaker in an existing, live, 480-vol t circuit breaker panel.  Three straps, each with one screw, were required to in stall the breaker.  Employee #1 had installed two straps and was working on the last strap when he dropped the screw.  The screw struck live parts, causing an a rc flash.  Employee #1 was burned in the flash.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated f or burns to his face, arms, and chest.  The subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1 had not been wearing eye and face protection or arc flash prote ction.
fall_fatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on November 26, 2014, an employee had been assigned t he task of installing siding while his employer was installing windows at a resi dential building. The employee was working alone. It is believed that the employ ee was most likely stacking boxes of siding onto a rack that was on top of his e mployer's van when the employer found him dead.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:10 a.m. on January 11, 2017, a Kamatsu excavator had a hydrau lic line rupture, causing the bucket to drop on an employee striking the back of his head and neck. The employee suffered from blunt force trauma and was transp orted to the hospital, where he died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on August 15, 2017, Employee #1, a general foreman employed by an electrical services company, was working at a manufacturing plant.  He was using a volt meter to test the voltage at an electrical transformer.  The volt meter lacked sufficient capacity to test the voltage, and this led to an arc flash.  E mployee #1 was burned in the flash.  Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for second de gree burns to his arms and neck.
caught_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 5, 2017, an employee brought their truck to a repair yard and was standing between it and another truck while waiting for the repairs to be completed.  The employee was crushed between two vehicles when his cowork er started the employee's vehicle which lurched forward and struck the employee. The employee was transported to St. Mary's Medical Center Emergency Department by the Long Beach Fire Department where the employee died from blunt force trau ma to the torso.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on June 21, 2018, Employee #1, a painter, was doing some touch up p ainting on a sign using a Skyjack Model SJ40T aerial lift. The employee's head b ecame caught between the aerial lift railing and the sign, causing a cranial cer vical dislocation. Employee #1's head was crushed and he was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:13 a.m. on April 15, 2016, an employee was working near a track-type loade r, when he was unintentionally struck and killed by the vehicle. There were no w itnesses to the incident, however, the employee was last seen standing in the so utheast corner of the property he was working. The employee suffered a crushed h ead and amputated right arm.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on April 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was performing an estimate for an electrical repair.  He was in the faci lity's main electrical room and using an electric meter to check the voltage on the breaker.  An arc flash occurred, and Employee #1 was caught in the fire and burned.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for first degree burns to his face and ar ms, and second degree burns to his hands.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 29, 2018, an employee was being lifted to the top of a cement soli with a crane and man-basket.  The employee was sitting on the guardr ail with his feet on the middle rail before losing his balance and falling to th e concrete ground.  The employee struck his head on the ground and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on October 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a street lighting and safety services company, was performing diagnostics on a street light when he re ceived an electrical shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electrical burns to both hands and abdomen, a dislocated shoulder, and facial bruising.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on September 11, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction com pany, was engaged in the construction of a 700 square foot addition to a residen ce.  The employee was working from a  6-foot A-frame ladder, Werner Model Number 6206, and removing the stucco wall that covered up an existing rough window fra me.  As he stood on the ladder's second rung and used a wire cutter to cut loose the last section of stucco wall, which measured 18 inches by 18 inches, the pie ce swung like a pendulum toward the worker.  It struck the base of the ladder an d caused the ladder to tip one way while the employee fell in the opposite direc tion.  The employee's right leg passed over and under the rungs and was fracture d.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was ad mitted for treatment of an open compound fracture of the leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on February 11, 2019, an employee worked to arrange decking materi al on a mezzanine. At some point, the employee fell approximately twenty-nine fe et and received a forehead laceration after striking equipment during the fall. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 10, 2021, an employee worked to remove and install PBR metal panels. At some point, the employee fell approximately twenty feet throug h a roof opening, received severe head trauma, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:38 p.m. on May 13, 2018, an employee was driving a forklift in reverse afte r picking up a pallet and caught his left ankle between it and a concrete safety column.  The employee fractured his ankle and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:20 p.m. on July 11, 2017, Employee #1 was assembling shelving. The employee was standing on an elevated work platform that was not secure. As the employee assembled the next level for rack shelving, the platform collapsed and Employee #1 fell 15 feet to the concrete floor below. The employee sustained fractures to his hip and lacerations to his head.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 30, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a con struction company, were working at a multiemployer building project.  Employee # 1 was working from a stepladder that was set parallel to the building on a sidew alk that sloped away from the building.  He was holding a piece of plywood so hi s coworker could secure it to the building's exterior.  The stepladder tipped ov er, and Employee #1 fell.  As he hit the ground, he impacted the side rail of th e ladder.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured wrist and a kidney injury that resulted in loss of half of the kidney.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on April 12, 2014, Employee #1 was dropping off an em pty wheel barrel and picking up a full one on a roof. He stepped on a weak area and fell through the roof to the concrete 30 feet below.  Employee #1 sustained severe head trauma and died later.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 17, 2017, Employees #1 and #2 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction company, were installing a street light pole in a residential area.  Coworker #1 was operating a boom truck.  As Coworker #1 began to lift th e pole from a trailer, Employees #1 and #2 attempted to position/align the pole with its anchored base.  The extended arm of the pole touched an overhead 12-kil ovolt electrical power line, and Employees #1 and #2, who were in contact with t he pole, were shocked.  Employee #1 collapsed to the ground.  Emergency services were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital and treat ed for third degree electrical burns.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for two days , and Employee #2 was in the hospital for one day.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 31, 2013, Employee #1, a forklift operator, was cleani ng the roof area. This is not normally part of his job duties. The employee fell 20 feet from the roof and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on April 24, 2017, Employee #1 was climbing down a job-made wooden ladder. The employee grabbed the hand rail clamp instead of the ladder side rail and fell. Employee #1 sustained two broken ribs, two fractured vertebrae and an injury to the back of his head. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on March 26, 2019, an employee was performing contract work for a real estate company that involved the filling of a pool associated with a courty ard apartment. After completing the job, the employee was cleaning his Bobcat Sk id steer (Model Number: S70, Serial Number: A3W618234) in the parking lot of the apartment building. During cleaning, his neck became pinned between the boom bu cket lift bar of the skid steer and its horizontal bar located above the driver- side caged seating area. There were no witnesses to the incident, which resulted in the employee's death.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on May 1, 2018, an employee was grinding a weld to prepare it for a nother layer when the wheel shattered and struck the employee on his skull, frac turing it and lacerating his face.  The employee was hospitalized
caught_nonfatal	At 9:41 a.m. on May 12, 2009, a foreman and his coworkers were working for an electrical subcontractor in Burbank, CA. The company had been contracted to install light fixtures and conduit and rerun the feed lines in an existing circuit. The foreman and his coworkers were at the entrance door of a building, pushing a cart filled with conduit inside the building. As the foreman held the cart from the side where the cart and its carriage rotated, the front wheels of the cart hit the door threshold and shifted the cart forward. The foreman's fingers made contact with the rotating carriage of the cart when its load shifted down. The middle finger on the foreman's left hand was lacerated. He was treated and released in two hours, and he did not require hospitalization. A contributing causal factor was that the cart's locking pin was not installed when the cart was in its horizontal position.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on March 13, 2018, an employee was operating a dump truck.  He had backed the dump truck into a site, dumped the dirt load, and was in the process of pulling forward when the raised dump bed caught a communication line. The em ployee drove the truck with raised dump bed for approximately 60 feet. Tension o n the line from the raised dump bed caused the pole to snap and the electric lin es to drop down onto the truck body.  No personal injuries occurred.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:05 p.m. on June 1, 2020, an employee and a coworker were attempting to move a forty foot aluminum extension ladder that was extended to thirty feet. The em ployee had both hands on the ladder and the coworker had one hand on the ladder as they moved the ladder. At some point the ladder made contact with the "C" pha se of an overhead electrical line powered at 7620 volts. The electric shock knoc ked the coworker from the ladder uninjured and killed the employee by electrocut ion.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on September 10, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was operating a concrete hose at the site of a new two-story commercial bui lding.  Concrete became clogged in the hose.  As he attempted to clear the clog, the boom of the hose struck Employee #1, causing him to fall through a guardrai l, a fall height of 29 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including mu ltiple rib fractures, a fractured ankle, a fractured leg, and lacerations to his head.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on July 28, 2004, Employee #1 and coworkers were loading gas line pipes that had been replaced during construction. One coworker was operating a truck crane, a Grove Series 500C, Number 312-15-0045, gross vehicle weight of 33,000 pounds, which was rented. One coworker was on the ground bringing in the pipe, which was secured on the boom of the crane with a chain. Employee #1 was standing on a flat bed trailer placing the pipe, when the coworker handed the load chain to him. The wire rope of the boom contacted an overhead high voltage power line, 7,200 volts, and Employee #1 was electrocuted. He fell from the truck bed to the ground and died.
caught_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 25, 2022, an employee and a coworker were attempting t o retighten a hydraulic line that had a small leak that was in front of the hydr aulic line that they had previously replaced. The employee was fatally crushed i n between the dog bone (middle section, in between the bucket arms) and the fron t frame of the loader. The bucket, which was attached to the arms, was in a rais ed position during the retightening of the hydraulic line. The employee and cowo rker had raised the bucket to check to see if the newly installed hydraulic line was working correctly and holding pressure.  The line exploded, and the loader lost hydraulic pressure. As a result, the arm/dogbone fell from the raised posit ion, crushing/pinning the employee who was in between the dogbone and the front frame of the loader. The employee was killed due to blunt force trauma.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 21, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction cont ractor, was engaged in fireproofing at a building construction site.  He was sta nding in an elevated wood box when he slipped and fell from the box to the floor , a fall height of 10 feet.  The wood box also fell and struck Employee #1's hea d.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on October 27, 2021, an employee was checking a 13,200 Volt electri cal system and taking notes when he made contact with an energized component. Th e employee received an electric shock and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 3, 2007, Employee #1 and a coworker replaced the horizontal wooden cross arm support of the 4,800 KV line conductors and installed breakers on the 120/240 volt conductors on a pole approximately 39 ft in height. Employee #1 descended the pole to where the secondary low voltage lines were. These lines were not protected by suitable protective equipment or a barricade. When Employee #1 was attaching his positioning strap to the pole, he contacted the low voltage conductors. He was shocked and his body slumped over the conductors. Coworkers rescued Employee #1 from the pole and performed CPR. Employee #1 was resuscitated and hospitalized at Northridge Hospital for 22 days for treatment of his injuries related to the shock and cardiopulmonary arrest.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on July 28, 2022, Employee #1 was moving a wheelbarrow into a barn on the property.  A coworker was operating a 2008 Komatsu D61EX-15E0 Crawler Doz er (serial number B45217), backing it up to make room for the employees to work. Employee #1 attempted to slip through the space between the dozer blade and the side of the metal barn, when he was struck by the driver's side top corner of t he dozer blade. Employee #1 was killed due to a laceration to the abdomen.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 2, 2019, an employee was walking on a truss at a residen tial construction site. At some point, the employee lost his balance and fell. F all was arrested by fall protection worn and employee receives head laceration a fter striking plywood siding.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in carpentry work for the construction of a three-story residen tial structure.  He was in the elevator pit, below the elevator car, and install ing wood trim to the elevator doors.  The elevator car unexpectedly began to des cend.  It moved slowly, and Employee #1 was able to exit the elevator pit, but n ot before he sustained injuries.  Emergency services were called, and Employee # 1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries to his head and back/spine.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on November 28, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a circular hand saw to rip a two by four piece of wood.  The saw kicked back and amputated Employee #1's thumb.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the amputation.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:15 a.m. on December 20, 2015, Employee#1 was taping drywall o n a ceiling while standing on a rolling scaffold approximately 11 feet high.  Th ere was no guardrail on the scaffold and he fell and struck his head.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for a head injury and died three days later.
caught_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on July 25, 2019, Employees #1 through #4, employed by a steel fabr ication company, were engaged in steel erection for a new two-story commercial b uilding, a multiemployer construction project.  Each employee was positioned on a reinforcing steel (rebar) column, approximately 35 feet high, along the bounda ry shear wall.  They were preparing the columns to receive concrete.  One column began to fall, and then the other three columns fell, causing all four employee s to fall.  Emergency services were called, and the four employees were transpor ted to the hospital.  Employee #1, whose skull had fractured when he was crushed between the falling columns, died at the hospital.  Employees #2, #3, and #4 we re treated and released.
caught_nonfatal	 At 7:15 a.m. on August 3, 2011 Employee #1, an equipment handler with Restoration Hardware, was working in a warehouse distribution center. He was operating a Raymond stand-up industrial truck (Model Number 740 R35TT, Serial Number 740-07-DB09452) to move product. He lost control of the truck, struck a column, and his left foot was crushed between the column and the truck. Employee #1 was hospitalized for an amputation of his left foot. There were no witnesses to the incident. The cause was Employee #1 operating the industrial truck in an unsafe manner by with his body outside the truck's running lines. Inappropriate foot protection contributed to the injury.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on September 14, 2017, an employee was placing 4 inch by 4 inch woo den dunnage between steel piles.  The raised pile slid from the lifting device a nd struck the employee.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 8, 2022, an employee was installing roof sheeting on the s outh side of the building. The employee moved to the north side of the building and fell 20 feet from the roof to the ground.  The employee suffered impact inju ries to the chest, abdomen, and head, and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on January 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was preparing to conduct welding on the second floor edge of a three-story co mmercial building that was being constructed.  He was standing on a work platfor m that was being lifted on the forks of a forklift.  The work platform slid off the forks, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for bruising to his lungs and side torso.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in reroofing work as part of a renovation at a multifamily apartment co mplex.  He was on the roof of a two-story building and nailing new fascia board when he fell and struck his head on the concrete surface, a fall height of 18.5 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for head injuries, including a fractured sk ull.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for 2.5 weeks and then transferred to a rehab ilitation facility.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 28, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a heating and air cond itioning company, was lifting a heat exchanger using a pulley system.  The heat exchanger swung, struck the employee in the chest and head, and crushed him agai nst a nearby wall.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on August 11, 2020, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a constr uction company, were sitting on the ground and waiting to begin work on a water main installation.  Their coworker was operating a track hoe excavator intended to dig a trench for the installation.  The excavator boom struck an overhead guy wire that was supporting a utility pole.  The top half of the utility pole brok e and fell, striking Employees #1, #2, and #3.  Employee #1 sustained blunt forc e traumatic injuries and was killed.  Employees #2 and #3 were transported to th e hospital, treated for their injuries, and released without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	Employee #1, a dump truck driver, attempted to enter the dump truck, in order to stop it, as it was rolling down a ramp. Employee #1 fell and was caught under the rear wheels and drug several feet until the dump truck came to a stop. Employee #1 was hospitalized for multiple fractures.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 10, 2013, an employee and several coworkers were working in or near the water while repairing a silt fence that was damaged by strong ocean currents.  One of the coworkers, a Nippon 90-Ton Crawler Crane model DH900-5 cr ane operator, lowered a chain and hook next to several 7,600 Volt high voltage p ower lines.  The cranes load line came into contact with the overhead high-volt age power line while the employee walked across the street, electrifying the cra ne.   The employee joined the coworker by the crane, placed his hands on the cra nes metal track, and was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 12, 2014, an employee was measuring the width of a commerc ial building roof to order construction materials. The employee fell off the roo f top while measuring a roof and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on August 9, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a const ruction company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-sto ry residential structure.  They were on the balcony floor and trying to place a 10-foot beam on a post.  Employee #1 stepped on a 6-foot ladder, and at that mom ent the beam struck the post.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell 2 to 3 feet to the balcony floor level, then stumbled down to a slope area and fell to the ground.  The fall height from the balcony floor to the ground was approximately 11 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured chest and multiple rib f ractures.
caught_nonfatal	On October 18, 2012, Employee #1, a 58-year-old male with FFA Farm Labor Service based in Fresno, was dumping seed waste product into a highway truck trailer end-dump. He drove his forklift to the front of the trailer and climbed up the front of the trailer when it began to tip forward. Employee #1 tried to move back onto the forklift, but his arm became gripped between the cage on the forklift and the trailer front. Employee #1 was transported to Hanford Regional Medical Center for treatment to his right upper arm that caused him to undergo surgery to transplant a new artery from his leg.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on July 10, 2014, Employee #1 was removing drywall on the first floor when the second floor collapsed. He was struck by the concrete slab and killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 28, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an electric al contractor, were engaged in electrical work at the construction site for a mu ltifamily residential building.  They were installing a busbar with the electric al power turned on when Employee #1 touched the busbar.  An arc flash ensued.  E mergency services were called, and the employees were taken to the hospital and treated for electrical burns.  Employee #2 was released after treatment.  Howeve r, Employee #1 required hospitalization for his burns.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 15, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s performing roofing work at a commercial building.  He had just tied off his la dder after climbing up an extension ladder.  Employee #1 stepped on a piece of w ood, part of a structure made of 2x4's and 2x6's.  The wood gave way, and Employ ee #1 fell through the structure to a concrete floor below, a fall height of 17 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for three fractured ribs.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:10 a.m. on December 6, 2021, an employee was standing on an elevated work p latform above a CF extruder line. The employee was feeding an electrical cable f or a thermocouple to a coworker below the platform. The employee lost his balanc e causing his right hand to contact the energized electrical points on the 2.5" cylinder heating band. The employee incurred 3rd degree electrical burns to his right hand and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 8:25 a.m. on April 27, 2022, an employee was tearing cedar shake shingles off a 5/12 pitch roof 60 feet off the ground without using the provided fall protec tion. The employee stepped onto a plastic covering on the west side of the roof when he fell. The employee impacted the concrete pavement below head first and w as killed. The narrative indicated that the employee was possibly preparing to t ie off before he started work. The narrative does not explain why he did not com plete tie-off but does indicate PPE may have been insufficient.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on December 4, 2017, an employee was using a 6 foot A-frame ladder to access an electrical sensor on a machine that was 10 feet high. During work, the employee stepped on the top cap of the ladder, resulting in him falling. Th e employee sustained head trauma and multiple fractures, which he was hospitaliz ed and received treatment. He was released 6 days later.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 25, 2008, Employee #1 was working for his employer, the owner of a lumber mill who employs 35 workers and provides various wood products, including trusses. Employee #1 was making pattern cuts on a 2-inch by 14-inch by 16-foot-long Douglas fir board by holding the board at a 20-degree angle, as it was going through a resaw. Employee #1's finger was amputated, when his hand contacted the conveyor roller and cover plate for the resaw station outfeed. He was hospitalized after the accident.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on April 11, 2021, an employee attempted to clear a blockage in a c oncrete pump truck, pump pipe. As the employee crossed in front of the pipe, whi ch contained concrete and compressed air, released the concrete, struck the empl oyee, and caused the employee to fall from the truck. The employee was taken to the hospital for treatment and died twenty days later from the head and spinal i njuries received.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 23, 2016, an employee was loading metal panels onto a r oof. The employee was walking on the roof and fell through a skylight. He suffer ed head trauma when he landed on the  concrete floor below, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:40 p.m. on September 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical serv ices company, was engaged in electrical repair work at a multiemployer construct ion site, an existing one-story commercial building.  He was removing damaged wi res from conduit at the bottom of the energized service panel when wire(s) conta cted the busbar.  In the ensuing electric arc flash, Employee #1 was burned.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for burns to both hands and arms and burns to his face.
electrocution_nonfatal	An employee was splicing a deenergized cable in an electrical vault. While he was working, a 24-kilovolt cable faulted, and the ensuing electric arc burned the employee. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on July 11, 2022, an employee was standing at a window opening, whe n he fell backward hitting his head on the floor.  The employee was killed due t o head trauma.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on June 23, 2017, an employee was using a forklift to free some bo xes that were stuck. The employee's coworker who was driving the forklift misjud ged the space between the employee and the forklift and struck the employee, fra cturing his left leg.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	On August 27, 2013, Employee #1, with Bert L. Howe & Associates, was inspecting roof work, in conjunction with construction defect litigation. Employee #1 fell 10-12 feet from a telescoping ladder that had been placed atop a shed roof above the one car garage, in order to provide access to the residential roof. The ladder slipped off the shed roof as Employee #1 ascended the ladder, and he fell with the ladder to the concrete driveway, sustaining a fractured leg. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on October 24, 2014, an employee was moving fencing that had been placed around a floor hole. The employee backed into the floor hol e and fell 43 feet. The employee suffered concussion and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 18, 2015, an employee was removing metal roofing by li fting up on a recently unscrewed section.  The employee was attempting to separa te the butyl tape that was connecting the unscrewed piece of metal to a piece of metal roofing that was still attached.    The employee was not wearing fall pro tection while pulling on the section of metal roofing. While pulling on the loos e piece of metal roofing, the employee put his foot on a fixed section of roofin g. The employee's foot slipped and he lost his balance, falling through a 3 foot wide by 31 foot long opening in the roof. The employee sustained head and full body system injuries consistent with a 25 foot fall and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on August 27, 2018, an employee and coworker were working to instal l flashing around chimneys on a four story roof. The employee had just left the access ladder and walked approximately ten feet to grab a lanyard and connect hi s full body harness, when he slipped on the synthetic felt covering the roof and fell approximately thirty feet. The employee received a right rib fracture, con cussion, laceration to his head and abrasions to his face.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on April 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a heating and cooling company, was installing equipment at an existing residence.  He was using a hand -held circular saw to cut a piece of wood when he inadvertently amputated the ti p of his left index finger.  Employee #1 received medical treatment for the part ial amputation.  He was not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 a.m. on October 5, 2018, an employee was placing a metal piece to be fa bricated into a press brake.  The employee turned his head away from the press a nd pushed the foot pedal, cycling it and crushing his left hand.  The employee s ustained lacerations to his hand and amputated his three middle fingers to their second joint.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:10 a.m. on July 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a waterproofing company , was working at a one-story commercial building.  He was working from a 10-foot stepladder that was in the closed position and leaning against an exterior wall .  After caulking a joint, the employee began to descend the stepladder.  The st epladder, which had been set on uneven ground, slipped.  Employee #1 fell, a fal l height of 7 feet.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatme nt, including surgery for a fractured lower leg and ankle.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on February 12, 2015, an employee was working from the elevated ba sket of a manlift,  installing sheet rock in an area of the job site where water piping was undergoing pneumatic testing, at 130 psi.  At the same time another contractor was performing a compressed air leak test. An 80-pound section of the pipe under pressure dislodged and struck and killed the employee.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m., on August 18, 2015, an employee was applying primer to sheetrock s o that insulation material could be installed over it. He was working on the 14t h level of a 16 level scaffold.  Six insulation employees were working in the ar ea of two scaffolding systems.  Three of the workers were on the 14th level of t he 16-level scaffold and the other three were on the ground underneath the scaff olding.  The scaffold systems were approximately 95 feet above the ground.  One system was a 5 foot by 7 foot frame scaffold that was two columns wide.  The oth er system was a 3 foot by 5 foot frame that was one column wide. The two systems were connected by wire.  One masonry worker was also on the scaffolds carrying stone block from the building across the 3 foot by 5 foot scaffold to be staged on the 5 foot by 7 foot scaffold in preparation for installation to begin that a fternoon.  Approximately 31,783 pounds of block was added to 6 levels of scaffol d and it collapsed. One of the employees was thrown from the 14th level of scaff old during the collapse and was crushed under stone block and scaffolding compon ents.   The employee suffered head trauma, facial fractures , fractures to the c ervical and thoracic spine, sternum and rib fractures and lacerations of the liv er and spleen with associated bleeding and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on March 16, 2015, an employee was testing a high voltage transform er.  The employee was using a Dobel M400 to test a transformer that had been de- energized and locked/tagged out. At some point an unknown amount of electricity entered and exited the employees lower back and leg.  This accident was reported as an apparent heart attack. Nearly a week after the initial report, a represen tative of the employee's family sent OSHA a preliminary medical examiners report that indicated that employee had been electrocuted.
struck_fatal	A t 12:30 a.m. on November 30, 2018, an employee was constructing a curb.  A veh icle drove through temporary traffic control devices, hit a arrow light, then hi t the employee, and drove over him.  The employee was killed due to multiple inj uries.
caught_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on January 20, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a pipeline contractor , was engaged in maintenance work, looking for the source of a fluid leaking fro m a front end loader.  The loader was parked with its bucket resting on a raised mat/dock.  The employee loosened the first hydraulic hose to access the second hose, which was leaking.  As he started to loosen the second hose, the bucket fe ll/descended, and he was pinned between the loader arm that was holding the buck et and the loader frame.  Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries and was killed .
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on January 17, 2022, an employee was in the process of installing r eusable roof fall protection anchors on a two-story residence prior to beginning work on roofing construction activities. Due to slippery conditions, the employ ee slipped and fell 20 feet off the roof to the ground. The employee sustained c ontusions and injuries to his knee and spine, requiring hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on November 17, 2015, an employee was performing sheathing work on a roof.  The employee was not using any personal fall arrest device. He lost hi s footing and fell approximately 20 feet to the ground.  The employee suffered b lunt trauma to face and body resulting in death.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 3, 2018, Employee #1 and four coworkers, employed by a construction company, were moving interior walls and cabinetry as part of an int erior remodeling project at an airport terminal.  They were attempting to move a steel monitor stand after removing its cabinetry.  The monitor stand, which the employer estimated weighed approximately 700 pounds, and which a coworker descr ibed as top heavy, measured 8 feet tall by 7 feet 7 inches wide, with 3-inch by 10-inch stainless steel beams on either side and a small metal track or channel on the bottom.  The employees had hand tools and portable power tools to do the work, but no forklifts or jacks.  As Employee #1 and his coworkers attempted to move the metal frame/stand, they lost control, and the frame fell backward towar d the employees.  Its corner struck Employee #1's right leg and then landed on h is left foot, crushing and amputating two toes.  No other employee was hurt.  Th e employees had not used any device or control measures to support the stand, an d the employer had not performed any hazard assessment prior to attempting the t ask.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was hospitalized for ten days and treated for a  fracture to the tibular plateau and patella of his right leg, and amputation of two toes on his left foot.
caught_fatal	On November 27, 2009, Employee #1, of Ross Construction, Inc., was repairing a dump truck. While removing the hydraulic hose, holding up the bed of the truck, he was crushed between the bed and the truck frame. Employee #1 died from his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on March 25, 2022, an employee was installing roofing plank bracket s. The employee slipped due to damp conditions of the morning and fell from the roof to the ground, striking the back of his head on an 8 inch by 8 inch paver. The employee was killed due to a fractured skull.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a job site.  He was walking alongside a concrete finishing m achine when he fell and grabbed the machine.  Employee #1's finger was amputated .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al, admitted, and treated for the amputation.
fall_fatal	On December 21, 2018, an employee was strapping down pallets to a flatbed traile r.  The employee was retrieving a strap that had gotten caught on the top of a p allet and fell off of the trailer, striking the back of his head on the asphalt driveway.  The employee was killed from severe blunt force trauma to his head.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was setting forms for pouring concrete.  He was operating a Skilsaw circular saw to cut wood for the forms when his right hand's middle finger came into con tact with the saw blade.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a laceration to the finger.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on July 2, 2019, an employee was moving a safety bra cket on a rolling metal gate. When the gate was released from a secure position, it fell over onto the employee.  The employee sustained a fracture to left leg and was hospitalized for these injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:03 a.m. on November 13, 2018, an employee was standing on a plywood panel o n top of a trellis while unloading tools from an elevated telehandler. At some p oint, the employee stepped on the edge of the plywood, lost his balance and fell approximately ten feet. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatmen t of fractures to the leg and arm.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:23 a.m. on March 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was installing a water pipeline at a water treatment plant.  He was using a cro wbar to move a 10-foot long, 10-inch diameter concrete pipe when the pipe rolled over his right foot.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was trans ported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured ankle.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on March 16, 2017, an employee was walking to his work area in a sh ipyard.  The employee slipped and fell, fracturing his right ankle for which he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On May 15, 2002, Employee #1, of Lambert Erectors, Inc., was working from a 28 ft extension ladder that was raised to 20 ft. He was preparing to put in the last piece of flashing on a metal roof, and was approximately 12 ft from a 7,620-volt overhead power line. Employee #1 was moving the ladder into position when it contacted the 19 ft 6 in. high energized line and he was electrocuted. A coworker in close proximity stated that he felt a shock go through his drill, and when he looked around he saw Employee #1 on the ground.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on May 15, 2018, an employee was moving a forklift forward when he collided with a second forklift, fracturing his foot and later amputating a toe. The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 2:11 p.m. on July 25, 2022, an employee was standing on an extension ladder. The employee fell from the ladder. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 2, 2019, an employee was walking on a truss at a residen tial construction site. At some point, the employee lost his balance and fell. F all was arrested by fall protection worn and employee receives head laceration a fter striking plywood siding.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on July 14, 2016, Employee #1 was working on a ladder on a two-tier scaffold. The ladder slipped and struck the scaffold and Employee #1 fell, striking his head and died.
caught_fatal	At approximately 1:45 p.m. on December 1, 2014, Employee #1 was cleaning a machi ne with water and chipping dried concrete from the belt wiper and auger. He was pulled into the rotating auger and received head and internal injuries and died.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:25 a.m. on July 10, 2018, an employee was cutting a concrete pipe with a ga s powered concrete saw (Stihl Model TS700). While cutting the concrete pipe, the saw kicked back and the blade struck the employee's throat. The employee receiv ed laceration injuries to his throat.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a metal fabrication co mpany, was working at a multiemployer building construction project.  He was wor king from an aerial lift and welding on part of the building's concrete structur e.  Another employer's worker began to operate a personnel hoist.  The hoist str uck the aerial lift from which Employee #1 was working.  Employee #1's head beca me pinned between the aerial lift and the building's concrete structure.  Emerge ncy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He w as admitted and treated for head trauma, lacerations to an ear, an ear hematoma, and some minor hearing loss.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on February 4, 2019, an employee was having difficulty backing a f orklift along a flatbed trailer. As he maneuvered the forklift, first striking t he corner of the trailer with the front left roll bar of the forklift, then driv ing forward and striking the trailer with the forklift's left back roll bar, and finally driving the forklift it reverse with his left hand placed on its front roll bar, the employee's left hand became caught between the roll bar and the tr ailer. As a result, the employee sustained lacerations and fractures to his hand and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on April 12, 2019, an employee was replacing some old cedar shake s hingles with new composite ones on a residential houses roof.  The employee fel l approximately 9 feet from the roof before landing on the concrete driveway, ki lling him.  The employee did not have a lanyard attached while on the roof.
struck_fatal	At 5:15 p.m. on April 10, 2018, Employee #1 was adjusting a pallet while standin g on the elevated forks of a powered industrial truck. The employee slipped and fell to the floor. The employee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on June 21, 2021, an employee assisted with the installation of a new electrical transmission line when they made contact with an existing, energi zed line and was killed by electrocution.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in interior carpentry work at a commercial building.  He was oper ating a table saw when his glove became caught by the saw, and his left hand was sucked into the unguarded blade.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputat ion of a finger.
struck_nonfatal	On September 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was enga ged in renovation work at a commercial building.  A machine ran over his foot. The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for amputati on of the foot.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on June 22, 2018, Employee #1, #2, and #3 went up on a warehouse r oof to install six skylights, and to perform maintenance and repair of the roof, which had been leaking for the past year. Employee #1 was removing nails from a wooden beam, and Employee #3 was approximately 10 feet away from Employee #1, c utting wood.  Employee #2 was approximately eight feet away from Employee #1, na iling a two by four piece of wood to the roof to create a slope.  Employee #2 he ard something snap, and saw Employee #1 attempt to hang onto the roof. Employee #1 fell through the hole in the roof, approximately 23 feet onto the concrete wa rehouse floor below.  Employee #1 was not using any fall protection at the time, and sustained multiple internal injuries. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 20, 2017, an employee was working for a temporary help ser vice. He was found with apparent injury to his head. A nail fired by a Simpson S trong Tie power-actuated tool had struck him against his head. He was hospitaliz ed. The incident was not considered construction related.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was opening an electrical switching cubicle.  He was verifying materials needed for the following day's planned electrical outage.  Employee #1 lost his footing and fell forward into the cubicle.  He made contact with a live electrical sour ce and incurred a 7,200-volt shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the elect rical shock and burns to his left arm and left knee.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on July 8, 2014, an employee was working for an electric power dist ribution utility. He was a member of a crew of power line workers. They were tap ping into an existing overhead power line and routing a new power line to a mete r pole located approximately 270 meters (880 feet) away.  The employee was conne cting overhead power lines to a transformer on a utility pole. A transformer had been installed on a dead-end pole next to the meter pole.  As the employee was connecting the transformer to the new power line, the power line became energize d, at 14.4 kV. Protective grounds had not been applied. The employee was electro cuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:45 a.m. on June 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction company, was cutting plywood with a Makita 120-volt power saw at a commercial b uilding, a multiemployer construction project.  The saw kicked back, striking hi s left hand and cutting four fingers.  Emergency services transported the employ ee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for the lacerations, which included a required amputation of the left hand ring finger.
struck_fatal	At 12:10 p.m. on May 18, 2021, an employee used a cut-off saw (Stihl TS420) to c ut a cement, sewer line pipe when the saw kicked back and struck the employee. T he employee received a deep laceration to the chest and neck and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on March 15, 2018, Employee #1 and his coworker, employed by a boil er services company, were installing a boiler at a feed plant.  Employee #1 was guiding his coworker, who was operating a Caterpillar IT18F front end loader wit h forklift attachment and moving an economizer.  The pallet on the front end loa der broke, and the forks moved up quickly.  Employee #1's left middle finger was caught between the forks and the economizer and was amputated.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was treate d for the finger amputation and released the same day.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 17, 2021, an employee installed gutter on the second story of a building. While working on a ladder, the employee struck their elbow, felt light-headed, and fell approximately twenty feet from the ladder. The employee r eceived an open skull fracture and was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on January 28, 2017, an employee was removing bricks. The brick wall fell against the scissor lift knocking the lift over and throwin g the employee to the ground. The employee struck his head on the asphalt surfac e and died of blunt force trauma to his head.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:09 p.m. on November 10, 2003, Employee #1was using a Skill saw to cut wood forms. The wood forms would be used for a brick walkway under construction. The saw guard had been pinned back with a piece of wood. Employee #1 put the saw down and the blade caught on his pants leg. Employee #1 sustained a 1-in. deep wound on his right leg that was 6 in. to 8 in. long. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was troubleshooting an outage on an overhead power line. He climbed a utility pole to repair cutouts on a 13-kilovolt, three-phase circuit supplying an apartment complex. One of the cutouts had opened, and the employee had manually opened the other two cutouts. As he was repairing the cutouts, he contacted the over-arm tap, which was still energized, and was electrocuted. The employee had been using a body belt and positioning strap and had been wearing a hardhat and pole climbers. However, he had not been using rubber insulating gloves or sleeves.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on April 30, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, w as removing roofing material from a retail store front canopy.  He was walking o n plywood they had placed over the support braces when he stepped in an area not covered by plywood and fell.  His fall was partially arrested by his fall prote ction system.  However, after his safety line wrapped around a parapet wall sect ion, it came undone.  At that point the line was too long to prevent his hitting the ground.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitte d for treatment of factures to his face, nose, and right arm.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a road construction c ompany, was working on a road project.  He was standing on the conveyor belt por tion of a Road Widener machine when the conveyor started and pulled his leg into the machine.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for tre atment of a fractured ankle.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:45 p.m. on December 3, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an electrica l services company, were working from an aerial lift truck at a height of 18 fee t and  installing fiber optic wires at a multifamily residential structure.  As the two employees returned to the surface in the lift, Employee #1 made contact with a 7,500-volt electric power line and was shocked and burned.  Employee #2 w as shocked when he made contact with the aerial lift truck, which had become ele ctrified.  Both employees were transported to the hospital.  Employee #1 was hos pitalized and treated for second- and third-degree burns over 30-40 percent of h is body.  Employee #2 was treated for electrical shock and released without hosp italization.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in wall renovation work at a multiemployer construction project, a one-story commercial building.  He was working from a 6-foot tall baker scaff old when he inadvertently stepped off the scaffold and fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including a concussi on and head contusion, fractured ribs, and fractured neck.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on June 19, 2017, Employee #1 was working from a sca ffold and painting the understructure of a bridge. As he painted, he lost his ba lance and fell off the scaffold. Employee #1 fell approximately 15 ft into a pit and landed on a cement surface. He suffered back injuries, broken ribs, sternum , brain contusion and bruised lungs. Employee #1 was airlifted and transported t o a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 14, 2019, an employee was struck by a falling piece of she et metal. The employee received lacerations to the nose and face and was hospita lized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on June 8, 2018, an employee was in the process of flipping a steel beam when it fell off of the table and struck the employee in the leg, resultin g in a fracture.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:10 p.m. on September 20, 2010, Employee #1 was on the ground, underneath six, 230-kilovolt overhead power lines, which had been grounded by ground cables. Employees in a bucket truck removed five ground cables from five lines. As Employee #1 removed the ground cable that was attached to the bucket truck and the ground cable that was attached to the sixth overhead power line, he was electrocuted and killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on January 30, 2018, an employee had unstrapped the quartz slab and got down from the truck bed to the ground to pick-up the wedge that he had drop ped.  The employee was struck by the quartz slab when a gust of wind blew it ove r and it fell on top of him.  The employee was hospitalized with several cracked ribs, a fractured ankle, as well as neck and back pains.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on March 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, w as walking across the roof of a new two-story commercial building.  He intended to complete installation of miscellaneous metal trim pieces.  The employee slipp ed and fell, a fall height of 18 feet.  He was transported to the hospital and a dmitted for treatment of fractures to his wrist, hip, and leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:40 p.m. on May 8, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in a commercial building de molition.  He was using a cordless reciprocating saw to cut the seams of a 6-inc h thick by 4-foot wide by 12-foot long insulated drop ceiling panel.  He was pos itioned between the ceiling joist and the drop ceiling when the ceiling broke fr ee from the suspension rods and fell.  The employee fell and struck the concrete floor, a fall height of 11.5 feet.  He was transported to the hospital, where h e was admitted for treatment of four fractured ribs and a collapsed lung.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 p.m. on April 26, 2021, an employee performed framing work when they sli pped off the elevated work surface and fell approximately nine feet. The employe e was killed by blunt force trauma to the head.
electrocution_fatal	On July 9, 2008, a journeyman lineman and leader of a crew were replacing wood electric poles with new concrete electric poles. The lineman and a coworker were elevated in separate aerial lifts. The lineman was positioned between an old wood pole and a new concrete pole. The electrical lines (7,200 volts) had been covered with insulated line hoses, and the two employees were wearing insulated gloves. The energized pothead jumpers that connected the overhead power lines to the underground utilities were not covered. During the course of his work, the lineman reached into the area where the exposed energized jumpers were. His bare upper arm came into contact with an energized electrical part, and he was electrocuted. The lineman was not wearing insulated sleeves with his gloves.
struck_fatal	At 7:15 a.m. on July 22, 2021, an employee was preparing to unload his flatbed t ruck with a load of aluminum pipes. The employee was loosening the load straps w hen the load fell on top of him and crushed him. The employee died from his inju ries.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on October 25, 2017, an employee was working for a firm that wholes aled industrial supplies. He was operating a forklift. He was backing up the for klift and the forklift hit a metal rack. His finger was between the forklift and the rack. He sustained the amputation of the little finger on his right hand be low the fingertip and he was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 7, 2019, Employee #1, a foreman on a bridge replacement p roject, was working at ground level while a coworker operated a tower crane.  Em ployee #1 rigged a set of steel plates and connected them to a wire rope sling. As the coworker operated the crane to hoist the bundle of steel plates, Employe e #1 noticed a half hitch knot beginning to develop on the wire rope sling as it left the ground.  Employee #1 grabbed the knot with his left hand in an attempt to undo it.  His middle finger became caught in the knot, and the wire rope sli ng quickly tightened and wrapped around the finger.  The crane continued to hois t the load, and Employee #1's finger was pulled upward and ripped off his left h and.  Employee #1, his hand freed from the knot, fell to the dirt floor surface. Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment of this finger amputation.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:40 a.m. on October 15, 2021, an employee was operating a forklift to take a bin of scrap metal to the recycling dumpster at a metal can manufacturing facil ity. Due to the weight distribution at the back of the gondola, it would not tip forward when the employee attempted to dump it into the recycling dumpster from the forklift. The employee exited the operator's seat and stood beside the fork lift while operating the tilt forward control to dump the metal scrap gondola. W hen the gondola again failed to tip forward, the employee placed his left hand o n the gondola to push it forward so it would tip over and his right hand in a pi nch point of the forks. As the employee pushed the gondola with his left hand it tipped and then bounced back, crushing his right hand between the forks and gon dola.  The employee sustained a partial amputation to his right pinky finger and received medical treatment for his injury without hospitalization.  The employe e stated that he had not received training on the use of the gondola attachment.
struck_fatal	On July 13, 2022, Employee #1 was working as the spotter for the crew leader tha t operated the Bobcat skid-steer (model T590, serial: ALJU2993), with a heavy du ty pallet fork attachment to lift up the trailer tongue and push back the Anders on black solid wall dump trailer that had been parked in the dirt driveway. Empl oyee #1 waved his arm for the crew leader to back the trailer; then, went toward s the back of the trailer out of the operator's sight. The crew leader/operator had lost sight of Employee #1 at some point, and then he stopped the skid steer and trailer movement. The crew leader/operator got off the skid steer and walked towards the left rear of the dump trailer, where he observed Employee #1 leanin g against the left side of the dump trailer and holding the wheel cover. Employe e #1 informed the crew leader/operator that he had hit him with the trailer. The crew leader offered to take Employee #1 to the hospital, but Employee #1 refuse d. The crew leader offered some ice and first aid to Employee #1, and after that Employee #1 walked to his vehicle and then returned to the shop, where they bot h went inside the office to clock-out and got in their personal vehicles. Employ ee #1's timecard shows he clocked out at 4:18 p.m. The crew leader then departed and received a call from the owner a couple of hours later, informing him that Employee #1 had been found unresponsive and had died in his car. The employee di ed of complications from a left hip fracture.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on October 31, 2018, an employee was loading a Genie Lift when it t urned over and crushed him.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 8, 2022, an employee was installing roof sheeting on the s outh side of the building. The employee moved to the north side of the building and fell 20 feet from the roof to the ground.  The employee suffered impact inju ries to the chest, abdomen, and head, and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 20, 2019, an employee worked to under pin a brick wall wh en the wall collapsed and fell on top of and buried the employee. The employee w as hospitalized to treat a fracture to the left femur, dislocated fingers on bot h hands, lacerations, and strains.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 28, 2018, an employee was sanding drywall using a scissor lift. The employee fell approximately 6 feet and 5 inches from the scissor lift to a concrete surface and was killed. The scissor lift was missing a top-rail.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:00 p.m. on August 1, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an elec trical services company, were working at a multiemployer construction project. They were engaged in a fuse installation.  Employee #1 was holding a flashlight when Coworker #1 hit an energized component, which caused an arc flash.  Employe e #1 was burned in the arc flash.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for an electric al flash burn.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:48 p.m. on January 22, 2020, Employee #1 was working on a bridge rehabilit ation project.  He was walking on the deck of a suspended scaffold system that w as in the process of being dismantled.  The employee unclipped his lanyard to ge t around a bridge support.  The scaffold deck dropped out from under him, causin g him to fall 35 to 40 feet into a river.  A rescue team retrieved the employee from the river, and emergency medical services transported him to the hospital. The employee was admitted for treatment of multiple injuries, including a ruptu red spleen, internal bleeding, and bodily contusions.
struck_fatal	At approximately 7:30 p.m. on July 15, 2015, Employee #1 was dropping off a truc k trailer at a discount store's dock and hooking up another trailer for pickup. Employee #1 exited his truck and went to the back of the trailer for an unknown reason. The discount store's video from the incident shows that the truck moved backwards and pinned Employee #1 between the trailer and dock, killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on October 24, 2017, an employee was working at a U.S. Air Force ma intenance and rebuilding facility. He was in the facility's B1 tooling wood mill area. He was operating a Delta 300-millimeter (12-inch) radial arm saw. He was making crosscuts on 38-millimeter by 89-millimeter (nominally, 2-inch by 4-inch) pieces of wood. There were some previously cut pieces of wood on the floor. Whe n he stepped to the side, he tripped on those pieces. The radial arm saw did not retract back to its starting point. The guards were thus not able to fall back into place. The saw was still running at its full RPM. When the employee reached out to gain his balance, his hand went into the saw blade. The blade cut his mi ddle finger. The employee sustained the partial amputation of the middle finger on his left hand. He was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 5, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s clearing nails off the roof of a one-story residential structure. The employee fell, a fall height of 9 feet.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a concussion and multiple fractures.
struck_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on December 15, 2014, Employee #1 was unloading rolls of printing p aper from a flatbed truck onto an elevator. The flatbed truck was parked in a na rrow alley way that was on a slight incline.  When the employee removed the stra ps from around the paper to place them onto the elevator, the truck began to rol l. The employee became stuck between the truck and the wall in the alley, and wa s rolled down the wall 20 feet before the truck came to a stop. Employee #1 suff ered a fractured pelvis and trauma to his internal organs. The employee later di ed from the original injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 14, 2018, an employee was removing shingles from roof with a 6:12 pitch on a single story residence.  The employee stepped on loose shingle and slipped. The employee fell 10 feet to the ground and sustained a fractured elbow.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:10 a.m. on June 20, 2013, Employee #1, a forklift operator with Pure Pacific Organic LLC, was opening a metal door on a loading dock, when his left middle finger was caught in between two metal doors. His left middle finger was pinned and partially amputated. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where his tip of the finger was stitched back in to place. The worker was not hospitalized. At the time of the investigation, the scene had been changed.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on May 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was en gaged in roofing activity at a residence.  After cleaning roofing materials from the roof, he began to descend a Warner 24-foot metal extension ladder.  He jump ed off the last few steps, approximately 3 to 4 feet in height, and his work glo ve and the ring on his left ring finger became caught on an object.  Employee #1 's finger was degloved and partially amputated.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the finger injury.  This included surge ry during which a portion of his finger was amputated.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:10 a.m. on November 5, 2018, an employee was working from a Baker scaffold to paint a wall. At some point, the employee walked off the edge of the scaffol d and fell six feet. The employee was hospitalized for wrist and skull fractures .
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 8:15 a.m. on March 17, 2014, Employee #1, a roofer employed by a roofing contractor, and Coworker #1, the company owner, were working to install a new roof at a single-story private residence. The previous shake-style roof had been removed by another employer. Employee #1 and Coworker #1 were installing plywood sheathing around a chimney extending from the roof. The roof had a 5:12 pitch (22.5 degrees). Employee #1 was on his knees near the gutter when, according to his subsequent statement, he began to feel the sensation of falling over. He tried unsuccessfully to recover his balance by grabbing hold of the gutter. Employee #1 fell from the roof. He landed on his right side on the concrete patio surface below, a fall height of 8 feet 6 inches. Emergency services were called, and the local fire department responded. Employee #1 initially was transported by ambulance to a hospital in Pleasanton, CA. He remained at the hospital for 1 to 2 hours. He then was transported to a hospital in Castro Valley, CA, for 24 hours of observation. He then was transported to a hospital in Oakland, CA for treatment. Approximately two weeks after his fall, at a hospital in Walnut Creek, CA, Employee #1 underwent surgery for a fractured foot/ankle. He remained hospitalized for more than 24 hours. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by the employer at approximately 8:15 a.m. on March 18, 2014. The subsequent investigation determined that the employer had been contracted to install a new composite roof complete with plywood sheathing. Photographs and observations of the damaged gutter by the chimney were consistent with Employee #1's statements that he tried to use the gutter to recover his balance. At the time of Employee #1's fall, he was working within his trade, at the task assigned to him, and he was not a supervisor. During the opening conference held at the job site, the Associate Safety Engineer performing the investigation requested to see the company's Code of Safe Practices, but the owner did not have it at the site. In addition, the employer did not provide Cal/OSHA with a copy of its Illness and Injury Prevention Program and Heat Illness Prevention Program upon written request.
caught_nonfatal	On July 14, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an excavation company , were working alongside a road.  They were preparing to install a precast manho le in a trench.  Coworker #1 was operating a hoisting machine, and Employee #1 w as in the trench and disconnecting the load (the precast manhole).  Coworker #1 hoisted the load before it was fully disconnected.  Employee #1 was caught betwe en the load and the side of the trench.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 31, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a con struction company, were working at a one-story residential building project.  Em ployee #1 was climbing onto the top of a wall to install his fall protection anc hor strap to a truss.  A coworker was operating a crane from which was suspended an adjacent truss that measured 46 feet by 5 feet.  As the coworker positioned the suspended truss, it broke in half, and one half of the truss struck Employee #1.  Employee #1 was knocked to the floor.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a severe left hand bone bruise, a torn left shoulder rotator cuff, three fracture d ribs, and a left lung hematoma.
caught_fatal	At 3:33 p.m. on July 16, 2012, Employee#1 was dumping a rear load dumpster in th e dump truck via a winch system. The winch mechanism engaged while Employee #1 w as removing waste from the dumpster with a tool. Employee #1 was crushed between the dumpster and the dump truck in the chest area. Employee #1 was killed after the dumpster caused a pinch point when the winch mechanism was engaged.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 10, 2022, an employee placed road signs for traffic pro tection. While working, the employee was struck by a passing motor vehicle and r eceived multiple fractures from blunt force trauma, taken to the hospital, and d ied.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:05 p.m. on February 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in carpentry work on the roof of a two-story residential structu re, a multiemployer construction project.  A piece of oriented strand board, blo wn by high winds, struck Employee #1's head and knocked him unconscious.  Employ ee #1 fell from the roof, a fall height of 18 feet.  Emergency services were cal led, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treat ed for multiple injuries, including a fractured orbital, fractured ribs, and a m ajor laceration to the liver.  .
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 23, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a masonry contractor, wa s working from a scaffold and applying finishing plaster to the exterior of a ne w 11-story commercial building, a multi-employer construction project..  The emp loyee fell between the scaffold's work platform and the building, a fall height of 120 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on January 3, 2018, an employee was using a crane to stand a steel coil upright and it bounced off a stack of pallets.  The employee fractured his right forearm and middle finger when it was caught and pinned between the coil and mandrel backstop. The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on March 9, 2018, an employee was attempting to clear debris from a trash chute while standing on debris in a 30 yard dumpster (measuring 71 inches tall, 21 feet 11 inches long, and 93 inches deep). As the employee was moving d ebris from around the trash chute, he stepped backwards into a void and fell bac kwards over the edge of the dumpster. The employee landed on the asphalt head fi rst and suffered a severe head trauma and fractured vertebrae, resulting in his death.
fall_nonfatal	At about 10:15 a.m. on March 1, 2017, four workers were sent by the employer to paint the exterior of a two-story residential home. The employer had a contract with the homeowner to paint the exterior of the house. This was the first day at the worksite and the scope of the work was to prepare the house for a complete exterior paint job. The foreman gave Employee #1 the task of removing a bird's n est from underneath the eaves of the second-floor roof.  Employee #1 used a Wern er A-frame 6-foot aluminum ladder in the closed position to do the work. He lean ed the A-frame ladder in a closed position on a roof with a pitch of 20 degrees. Several roof tiles underneath the ladder broke, causing the ladder to slip and causing Employee #1 to fall from the ladder and then fall from the edge of the f irst-story roof on to ground level about 8 feet 8 inches down. Employee #1 fell on to a grassy area next to the house. He landed on his back and complained of b ack and leg pain. The Emergency services were called and emergency personnel too k Employee #1 to John Muir Hospital, where he was hospitalized.  Employee #! had crushed his L2 spinal lumbar during the fall and had to have surgery to get a m etal plaque inserted in his spine to help him recuperate.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 13, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a road con struction company, were engaged in road work.  Employee #1 was spotting for his coworker, who was operating a track loader and moving metal barriers.  The loade r operator inadvertently tipped over a Jersey barrier onto Employee #1's right f oot and leg.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted for treat ment of a partial amputation of the foot.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on November 22, 2018, Employee #1, a superintendent employed by a construction company, was engaged in electrical work at a seven-story hospital. He was tracing an electrical line for an x-ray "in use" light fixture in an abo ve-ceiling crawlspace.  He had recently tested the wiring and was aware it was e nergized.  As the employee proceeded with tracing the line without de-energizing the circuit, he received an electric shock from 277/480-volt energized conducto rs.  The employee lost consciousness.  Firefighters and emergency medical techni cians arrived but were delayed from providing services for approximately 10 minu tes while the electricity to the area was turned off.  They then extracted the e mployee through an 18-inch access hatch.  The employee required hospitalization for approximately one month.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on January 8, 2009, Employees #1 and #2 were installing highway signs. Upon arrival at the worksite, Employee #1 was assigned to erect a permanent highway sign and was told, by his supervisor, that the site where the sign was to be installed had a steep slope. The supervisor also suggested that Employee #1 get assistance from another coworker. Employee #1 then requested assistance from Employee #2, who worked for another supervisor; however, Employees #1 and #2 had worked together in the past. While Employee #1 installed the anchor posts at the location indicated by a pin flag, Employee #2 assembled the sign on the back of the truck. Employees #1 and #2 then carried the sign to the edge of the road, adjacent to the anchor posts, with Employee # 1 located near the roadside and Employee #2 on the downhill side. As they rotated the sign, it came into contact with the overhead power lines, rated for 12, 000 volts, but actually recording 5,400 volts. Both Employees #1 and #2 were electrocuted, causing third degree burns on their hands and feet. Employees #1 and #2 were taken to a nearby hospital, where they were hospitalized and treated for their injuries. The accident investigation determined that the ground under the power line had been raised when the road was widened. Also, the sign was slightly wider (14.7 feet) than the height of the power line (14.3 feet), which allowed for contact.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:45 a.m. on December 23, 2009, Employee #1, a laborer, was handling and storing a 4-in. diameter by 10 ft concrete delivery hose section with steel ends. He was placing the hose over a stack of plywood approximately 3 to 4 ft in height. His finger was pinched between the hose and a piece of 0.75-in. plywood causing a partial amputation of the right thumb. Employee #1 was treated and released from the hospital.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at the jobsite for a residential structure.  He was chalking lin es near the edge of the open-sided second floor when he fell to the concrete, a fall height of 10 to 12 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, adm itted, and treated for a concussion and fractures to multiple vertebrae, his rig ht foot, and three toes.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:48 a.m. on January 10, 2020, an employee was loading Peterbilt truck onto a tow truck bed when he exited truck being towed without utilizing hand holds. Th e employee fell to the pavement and suffered multiple injuries to his head, hand s and ribs, which required hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	On March 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in roofing activity at a single family residence.  He was working from a ladder ja ck scaffold when the scaffold broke.  The employee fell, a fall height of 11 fee t, and struck the concrete surface.  He was transported to the hospital and admi tted for treatment of a fractured rib.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on December 14, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an HVAC company, was working at a multi-employer construction project, a residential structure.  He was inside a trench that was approximately 4.5 feet deep and 3 feet wide and was installing an underground water line.  A portion of the trench wall shifted and then collapsed.  Employee #1 was caught and trapped in the frozen dirt.  Emerge ncy services responded and transported the employee to the hospital, where he wa s admitted and treated for fractures to the pelvis and thighbone (femur).
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on November 9, 2007, Employee #1, a handyman for the previous four months for the Leonardo Mendoza Company, was working at a building site in Torrance, CA. He was using a portable electric saw to cut a piece of wood when his left hand contacted the moving blade. His second and third fingers were nearly severed, and he suffered lacerations through the joints, tendons, and nerves. Employee #1 was transported by the Torrance Fire Department to the Little Company of Mary Hospital, where he was treated and released that same day. During subsequent investigation, the employer could not be located and the landlord at the work site denied any knowledge of Employee #1 or having contracted with the employer.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:06 a.m. on August 7, 2017, an employee was engaged in relocating the 600-vo lt MUNI lines from the middle to the side from the top of his work truck.  The e mployee was using a non-insulated socket wrench to losing the lines for relocati on and the tool came too close to the line.  An arc flashed was created and the employee suffered minor electrical burns to the face.
caught_fatal	On January 22, 2011, Employee #1 was operating a 225-ton American Crawler Crane to dismantle an old container crane. Employee #1 attempted to lift part of the old container crane when it suddenly caused the American Crawler Crane to tip over. Employee #1 was crushed between the American Crawler Crane and the ground. There were several factors that may have caused the crane to become overloaded and tip over, such as the weight of the load, the angle of the boom, the wind speed, and the whip line getting stuck on the container crane.
electrocution_nonfatal	On Jannuary 20, 2004, Employees #1 and #2, of Global Electric Communications, were installing a new three-phase run of wire in an energized 480-volt panel at a cabinet shop in Kent, WA. Employee #1 was trying to bolt a bracket to the panel's busbar when an electric arc occurred. He sustained thermal burns and was taken to Harborview Burn Center in Seattle, WA. Employee #2 was trying to show the owner of the cabinet shop what had happened to Employee #1 when another electric arc occurred. He also suffered thermal burns and was transported to the same hospital as Employee #1. The arc that burned Employee #1 was caused by a high fault current created by the bracket, of which Employee #1 had lost control. The bracket became energized and contacted another phase in the circuit breaker. Employee #2 thought the panel had been de-energized by the circuit protection at the source.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 a.m. on November 8, 2018, an employee was stock picking loaded pails of paint to a pallet in the warehouse when a coworker drove his forklift into the a isle where the employee was working.  The employee was struck by the forklift wh en his coworker reversed the forklift and drove it across the row from where he had turned from.  The employee fractured his leg in multiple locations and was h ospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on October 30, 2019, an employee was standing at the base of a lad der when he was struck in the head by a branch that had been cut above, killing him from blunt force trauma.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 22, 2017, Employee #1 was making a width reduction cut on a wooden door threshold. The employee was using an unguarded table saw with a te n-inch blade. Employee #1's left hand struck the blade of the saw, and he sustai ned lacerations to his hand as well as amputation of his left index finger and t ips of middle and ring finger.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 28, 2019, an employer was providing instruction on where drywall needed to be placed.  Employee #1 was looking up and leaned forward, an d fell 22 feet below landing on scaffold.  The employee sustained fractures, lac erations, internal bleeding and died.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:00 a.m. on October 17, 2017, an employee, working as a hydraulic press help er, was starting up the shift with a coworker, who was the hydraulic machine ope rator, by draining out the oil. The employee fell 13 feet into a pit. The employ ee sustained a fractured right arm and ribs. The employee was not using a fall p rotection system. There was no guard rail around the pit.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 15, 2022,  an employee was in the process of repairing a leaking hydraulic line on a 1998 Freightliner FLD120 sliding jib hooklift truck. The employee raised the dumpster in dump mode to access the damaged hydraulic line and turned off the engine.   After disconnecting the damaged hydraulic line , the employee removed the second hydraulic line providing pressure to the slidi ng jib that was supporting the dumpster.  With the loss of all pressure on the j ib, the jib and dumpster slid towards the back of the truck due to gravity.  The jib slid past the dump latches, which connected the jib to the dump section, an d released the dump section.  The employee was underneath the dump section when it fell and was struck on the head.  The employee suffered head injuries and die d instantly according to the Winnebago County Chief Deputy Coroner.  The employe e sustained crushing injuries to head, neck, and torso.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in interior framing work at a new residential construction project .  He was using a Hitachi pneumatic nail gun, Model NR 83A2.  As he carried the nail gun to his work area, the air hose became caught.  As he attempted to free it, the gun discharged a nail into his left wrist.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for the injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on December 30, 2021, an employee was using a coworker's DeWalt 6 1/2-inch skill saw to rip a 3/4 inch by 5 inch windowsill board. He used the cow orker's tool since it had a guide that his did not. While the employee was holdi ng the board in his hand, his the right pinky finger made contact with the blade . The employee amputated his finger at the palm, requiring medical treatment wit hout hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as walking across the metal roof of an auto dealership.  The employee stepped th rough a skylight and fell to the concrete floor.  He was transported to the hosp ital, where he was admitted for treatment of fractures to both arms.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on June 1, 2017, an employee was operating a forklift and then swit ched to operating an aerial man lift to help set the joists of a rafter. The raf ter was approximately 30 feet above compacted soil and he was not wearing person al fall protection. During work, the employee fell and sustained a broken verteb rae, as well as bruises to his face. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment.
electrocution_fatal	On November 25, 2009, Employees #1 and #2, of Arlington County Department of Environmental Services, were working at a water main repair site. While moving a mobile light tower, the tower contacted an overhead power line and electrocuted Employee #1. Employee #2 received an electric shock during the incident. Both were hospitalized, Employee #1 died of electrocution.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 13, 2021, an employee worked to install a low-slope roo f. At some point, the employee stepped onto a corrugated fiberglass skylight, fe ll approximately twenty-three feet and died of the unspecified injuries received .
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 25, 2018, an employee was changing the front passenger tire on a large Mack Roll-Off truck. The employee released the air from the pneumati c jack too quickly, resulting in the employee being struck by the truck skid pla te.  He fractured his hip and was hospitalized for treatment. The employee was o nly using one jack stand when standard operating procedure required the use of t wo jack stands per axle.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on April 18, 2016, a worker was hoisting plywood to the roof where he was standing when he fell 22-feet to his death.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 17, 2021, an employee fell approximately eleven feet fr om a ladder and was hospitalized to treat a concussion.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 6:20 p.m. on October 1, 2021, an employee was working on the ro of's edge.  He was preparing to edge metal for installation when he fell from th e roof.  He landed on the ground approximately ten feet below.  The employee sus tained a fractured wrist, requiring surgical repair. The employee was hospitaliz ed for these injuries.
fall_fatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on November 26, 2014, an employee had been assigned t he task of installing siding while his employer was installing windows at a resi dential building. The employee was working alone. It is believed that the employ ee was most likely stacking boxes of siding onto a rack that was on top of his e mployer's van when the employer found him dead.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on April 25, 2017, Employee #1 was descending a defective extension ladder.  The ladder did not have cleats at the base of the ladder, and was set up on a concrete slab at an angle of 23.75 degrees, which was shallower than the required angle of 14 degrees. This resulted in the ladder being displaced/slipp ing out from under the employee, causing him to fall to the concrete slab below. Employee #1 sustained fractures to his left arm and right leg, and was hospital ized for his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 2:52 p.m. on October 18, 2016, an employee was dumping a load of dirt and the trailer of an adjacent rig fell on tractor pinning the employee in cab. The emp loyee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on May 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as taking a break from his work at a heavy construction site.  He was sitting on a trunnion beam that had been removed from a dredge and placed on the shore.  W hen he stood up and prepared to walk forward, the beam shifted and tilted forwar d, catching and pressing against his leg.  Emergency services were called, and E mployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a l eg fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in framing work at a multiemployer construction project, a new two -story house.  A crane was being used to lower trusses onto the roof.  A truss f ell from the crane onto the roof and shook the house.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee # 1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on May 17, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contractor, wa s attempting to move a new underground waterline with a metal pry bar.  The empl oyee placed the pry bar into an electrical conduit containing an energized 12.5k -volt electrical power line.  The employee was shocked and burned.  He was trans ported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of electrical shock and burns to his hands and face.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 14, 2013, Employee #1 and Employee #2, of Los Angeles Engineering Inc., a general engineering and pipeline construction company, were working on a pipeline construction project. They were excavating a trench for the purpose of installing steel reinforced concrete pipe for a storm drain. They were in a section of the trench that lacked any shoring or other protection and checking the depth. The trench measured 14 feet deep. Coworker #1 was operating a backhoe in the trench, excavating soil from a trench cave-in that had occurred along the south wall two hours earlier. Coworker #2, the supervisor, was in the immediate area of the earlier collapse, operating a front loader atop the north wall of the trench at surface grade level. The north wall of the trench collapsed. It collapsed directly on Employee #1, pushing him into the south wall of the trench and completely burying him. Employee #1 was killed. The collapsing trench pushed Employee #2 against a trench shield in a shored section of the trench, burying him to his thighs. Emergency personnel were called, and at 1:45 p.m. the Los Angeles Fire Department dispatched fire and rescue resources to the site. At 1:55 p.m., the Los Angeles Fire Department notified Cal/OSHA. Fire Department personnel exposed Employee #1's head and determined that he was dead. They began a recovery operation that lasted 7 hours. Employee#2 was extricated from the trench and transported by air ambulance to UCLA Ronald Reagan Medical Center, where he was hospitalized and treated for trauma to his legs, including one or more leg fractures. Cal/OSHA, which immediately responded after being notified by the Los Angeles Fire Department, arrived at the site at 3:00 p.m. Cal/OSHA contacted the employer, fulfilling reporting requirements. Cal/OSHA's investigation determined that Employees #1 and #2 were working in a 14-foot deep trench that was not protected from a cave-in by any protective systems or procedures. The trench in which they were working had caved in two hours earlier. When the second cave-in occurred, killing Employee #1 and seriously injuring Employee #1, their supervisor was in the immediate area and was in possession of engineering documents indicating that employees must not work in the unprotected sections of the trench. ACCIDENT RELATED-SERIOUS CITATIONS ISSUED: Cal/OSHA planned to issue a Willful Serious Accident Related citation for a violation of T8 CCR 1541.1(a), a serious citation for a violation of 1541(k), and a serious citation for a violation of 1509(a).
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was using a battery-operated SkilSaw circular saw at a commercial building const ruction site.  The sawblade came into contact with three fingers on the employee 's left hand, causing lacerations.  The employee received medical treatment for the lacerations but was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 5:45 p.m. on September 23, 2013, an employee was walking on the platform of a makeshift scaffold, taping and floating the third floor ceiling of an apartment breezeway, when the board cracked, and he fell to his death approximately 20 fe et to the concrete floor below.  The employee received fatal blunt trauma to hea d.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:57 p.m. on April 26, 2011, Employee #1 was working as a laborer on a paving crew for a construction company contracted to pave the median between the east and west bound lanes of Highway 4 running from Somersville Road to Loveridge Road in Pittsburg, CA. The crew was using a Gomaco GHP 2800 diesel powered paving machine. This machine uses an "In The Pan Dowel Bar Inserter" (IDBI) attached to the bottom of the paver for inserting rebar dowels in a straight line into the concrete being applied. The IDBI moves in a line from the front to back of the paver placing the rebar dowels into the concrete. Employee #1 was tasked with ensuring the rebar dowels being inserted into the concrete were being properly placed by the IDBI. Employee #1 noticed that the IDBI was not placing the rebar dowels correctly and entered under the machine to place the rebar dowels in the proper orientation. While under the machine, Employee #1 became trapped between the frame of the paver and moving IDBI. Employee #1 sustained bruises and strains to the lower torso. Paramedics on scene transported Employee #1 to John Muir Hospital in Walnut Creek where Employee #1 was treated and released.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 a.m. on March 4, 2018, an employee was feeding metal rods into a hoop ma chine when it jammed.  The employee reached under the red guard panel to free th e material and caught two fingers in the Drive Wheel, partially amputating both fingers.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:12 p.m. on September 22, 2008, Employee #1 was operating a portable articulating aerial lift. He elevated the lift on the north side of a grain storage structure approximately 10 ft from the structure, when he made contact with the overhead power line, which was approximately 18 ft above the ground and approximately 10 ft north of the structure. Employee #1 made contact with the overhead line near the nape of the neck resulting in an electrical shock lasting approximately 3-4 seconds in length. A coworker witnessed the accident. Employee #1 fell to a sitting position in the basket of the lift. The coworker summoned emergency medical personnel. The coworker and a bystander lowered the lift to the ground via the lower control unit. Employee #1 was reported to be breathing inadequately and not responsive. Emergency personnel arrived and began treatment. Employee #1 was transported to the nearest trauma facility via air ambulance. Employee #1 received an entry wound on the nape of the neck and exit wounds to the coccyx and right foot. Employee #1 received full thickness burns to the head, neck, face and back.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 12, 2018, an employee was stacking and removing materials when he slipped from the PIT, injuring his hip when he fell to the floor.  The e mployee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 11, 2006, Employee #1 and three coworkers were pouring concrete for a light rail project when a concrete pump truck contacted a 69-kilovolt high-voltage line, resulting in an arc blast. Employee #1, who was handling the pumper hose, sustained severe burns. Two of the coworkers were burned by the blast of the rubber hose. The other coworkers suffered an electric shock when he reached for paperwork hanging on the pump truck.
electrocution_nonfatal	A power line worker was working from an aerial lift. He removed his rubber insulating gloves and started to raise the aerial lift bucket. He moved the bucket into an overhead power line, energizing the aerial lift controls. The employee received an electric shock and sustained burns to his hands. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At approximately 6:45 p.m. on October 24, 2014, two employees were painting the support legs of a water tower from a two point suspended scaffold system. The em ployees had blasted the existing paint off of two legs of the Oxford tower prior to breaking for lunch. The employees were utilizing a caged fixed ladder, Spide r brand single point suspension scaffolds and two-point suspension scaffolds to access the water tower. After lunch both employees took the two point's suspende d scaffold from the ground to just under the tank, approximately 93 feet in the air. As they were descending they were spraying the two legs of the tower with p aint. At about 70 feet from the ground, one of the two electric hoist motors mal functioned, causing the scaffold to plummet to the ground. Both employees suffer ed trauma to head and both were killed.
struck_fatal	On September 27, 2019, an employee was delivering approximately 22 tons of #57 D olomite crushed stone and his truck started to roll down the driveway.  The empl oyee went after the truck to stop it and it continued to roll downhill, striking several trees and brush before coming to a stop.  The employee was crushed betw een the runaway truck and several trees and killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 28, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a painting contrac tor, was working at a one-story residential structure.  He was standing on a lad der and applying caulk when he lost balance, fell, and struck his head against t he brick patio, a fall height of 18 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.  Investigatio n revealed the employee was using the wrong equipment and, to reach the area bei ng caulked, had to over extend his body away from the ladder when he lost balanc e and fell.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on March 1, 2017, an employee was working in a crew, removing chain link fence sections used as work platforms. The section was enta ngled in cabling used to support the  section. The employee cut the cable which released the section and at the same time dropped the employee 25 feet to the gr ound below. The employee suffered fractures, contusions and concussions for whic h he was hospitalized
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on October 14, 2018, an employee was replacing metal roof systems a nd moved towards the center of the structure to retrieve some tools.  The employ ee fell 23 feet when the decking underneath him collapsed and the employee was k illed when he struck his head on the concrete floor.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 18, 2017, Employee #1 was moving a transfer box of mater ials into the bed of a dump truck. The employee's arm became caught between the truck bed and the moving transfer box, crushing his right arm.
electrocution_fatal	On July 1, 2010, Employee #1 was raising a neutral power line with a wet wooden push broom into and/or near the energized power lines above. The employee sustained a severe electrical shock and was transported to the local hospital. He was later transferred to a larger hospital in Lubbock, Texas for treatment. Employee #1 died from from the injuries of the electrical shock on August 7, 2010.
caught_fatal	At approximately 1:38 p.m. on March 29, 2020, a coworker noticed that a nonrespo nsive employee wearing fall protection.  When the coworker went to check on the employee, the coworker noticed the employee was leaning out of the turret truck and caught between the mast and the frame of the forklift.  The coworker called 911  to the facility.  The employee died from the injuries sustained from the ac cident.
electrocution_fatal	Atapproximately 10:45 a.m. on December 6, 2014, Employee #1 climbed up a power p ole and came in contact with power lines and was electrocuted
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 30, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a miter saw to cut baseboards.  The saw blade made contact with his hand and amputated portions of three fingers.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 4, 2018, an employee was moving large rounded wood pieces that was leaning against a railing and forklift.  The employee was pinned agains t the forklift when the stack fell, fracturing his collar bone, ribs, back, and jaw.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on May 31, 2016, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were in a work truck o n the shoulder of the highway.  They were waiting for traffic to clear so that t hey could enter the right lane of travel.  A box truck traveling in the highway' s right lane of travel veered off the highway and into the side of the employee' s work truck, "T-boning" their work truck. Employee #1 (driver) received multipl e trauma injuries during the crash and was killed and Employee #2 (passenger) re ceived multiple broken ribs and fractures to his L-1, L-2, and L-3 vertebrae.
caught_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 3, 2020, an employee was working for a hay farm. He and a coworker were at the loading dock of a hay barn. The coworker was operating a GEHL 650 AL 600 series articulated loader, with serial number E00060064. The cow orker was loading hay into a 15.8-meter-long (52-ft-long) trailer. The employee was the truck's driver. The coworker's (loader operator's) front view was comple tely obstructed by the 2.7-meter-high by 2.4-meter-wide by 0.9-meter-deep (9-ft- high by 8-ft-wide by 3-ft-deep) row of hay bales that were being moved into the rear of the trailer. The opening of the truck trailer was only a few centimeters (inches) wider and higher than the hay. The loader operator thought that the em ployee, who was about to drive the truck, had gone to the office. The obstructed view prevented the operator from seeing that the employee was located within th e loader's path of travel. In addition, the loudness of the articulated lift mad e it hard if not impossible for the operator to hear the employee inside the tra iler. The noise level inside the trailer was later measured at 85 dBA. The emplo yee was struck by the bales of hay being moved on the fork truck. He was pushed into the trailer and pinned between the front inside wall of the trailer and the hay bales. He was crushed and killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on March 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contract or, was engaged in installation work for a new one-story commercial building.  H e was using a cordless drill and driving a screw into a joist to mount an electr ical box.  The employee's glove became entangled by the drill bit, and his left pinky finger was injured.  The employee required hospitalization for treatment o f a fractured finger.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 12, 2018, an employee was examining a section of roof t hat needed to be repaired and he fell through the roof.  The employee was killed when he landed on the concrete floor 20 feet below.
caught_fatal	On June 14, 2022, an employee who worked as a Piperfitter was engaged in the dem olition of 36-inch pipe section. The valve pipe separted from the wall during de molition of the pipe.  The employee was working on a crew with three coworkers c utting the section of pipe. The goal was to lower the pipe to a metal cart using rigging. The employee was attempting to secure the pipe to the cart when an ove rhead valve pipe section fell onto the pipe. The falling section caused the pipe to push forward and pin the employee between the pipe and another pipe. The emp loyer had failed to ensure the crew was clear of a load suspended aove them by s lings. The employee incurred head injuries and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 5, 2022, two employees working at an undeveloped housing co mmunity were digging a trench to accommodate a sewer line for future homesites. While digging the trench with an excavator, Employee #1 was in the trench perfor ming work with a shovel. The trench was 8.5 feet in depth and 36 inches wide. Th e soil was determined as Type C soil. There were no protective measures in place . The trench walls collapsed and according to the coworker, Employee #1 ran towa rds the excavator in the opposite direction of an extension ladder that had been placed for access. Employee #1 was fully covered by soil resulting in Employee #1's death.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 14, 2021, an employee accessed a roof to assess the sco pe of work to be done. At some point, the employee fell approximately thirteen f eet through the roof. The employee was hospitalized to treat a hip fracture.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 31, 2013, Employee #1, a forklift operator, was cleani ng the roof area. This is not normally part of his job duties. The employee fell 20 feet from the roof and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:25 a.m. on August 30, 2017, an employee was standing on an 8 foot step ladd er and was pulling off old wall paper.  The employee has placed the step ladder in front of a motion activated automatic door and the sensor was tripped by his motion.  The employee was knocked off the ladder and fell, striking his head on the floor and killing the employee.
caught_nonfatal	On July 29, 2009, Employee #1, a carpenter apprentice, was descending from a ladder to retrieve a nail gun. Employee #1 slipped, caught his leg between the ladder rungs, and fell. Employee #1 injured his leg, right foot and left hand. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working on his knees inside a water tank.  He was operating a Dewalt 4011 Angle Grinder, Type 1, 120 V, 50/60 HZ, 12000 RPM with a Pro Star Cut Off Wheel, diameter 4.5, thickness 0.45 inches, max RPM 13300, and cutting off welding tac ks inside the water tank.  The angle grinder kicked back, and the cut off wheel struck and cut Employee #1's right knee and lower hamstring.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for lacerations that damaged bone and tendon in his leg and knee.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 8, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construc tion company, were removing steel roof panels from the flat roof of a three-stor y manufacturing building in preparation for installing a new roof.  The roof pan els measured approximately 1.5 feet wide by 25 feet long.  The removal process e ntailed walking on an aluminum scaffold pick rather than the unsuitable work sur face of the roof panels.  The two employees were required to use a fall protecti on system of self-retracting lifelines attached to metal roof swivel anchors, Pa rt Number 390RSA-01, with shock-absorbing lanyards and harnesses, which were pro vided by the employer.  However, when the employees returned to the roof after a lunch break, they did not attach their harnesses to the lifelines.  As they lif ted a roof panel, one employee at each end of the panel, a gust of wind blew the steel panel onto the employees' legs.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell fr om the scaffold pick, a total fall height of 35 feet.  Employee #1 sustained mul tiple fractures and blunt force trauma and was killed by the fall.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 1, 2018, an employee used a metal pole to get better leve rage on a chain binder handle. At some point, the pole struck the employee on th e face. The employee received a jaw fracture and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 24, 2022, an employee worked on the roof of a wooden she d to remove old shingles. At some point, the employee lost balance, fell approxi mately thirteen feet and received blunt force trauma to the head and body. The e mployee was hospitalized in a coma, but later died of the injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On September 15, 2013, an employee was changing an end connection to the end of a shielded wire that was carrying an unknown amount of induced current.  The emp loyee grasped the wire and was electrocuted.  Coworkers call for Emergency Servi ces and began CPR.  First responders took over and transported the employee to a local hospital.  The employee passed away while being prepped for airlift to a larger regional hospital.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 p.m. on April 6, 2021, an employee was working on personal time at a tru ck stop helping a coworker prepare for his CDL exam. The employee was in the tru ck's cab and accidently activated the belly dump switch which released the load inside the trailer. The employee and coworker walked to the back of the truck an d attempted moving the rocks from the belly in order to close the under belly. T he coworker entered the truck's cab and moved the truck forward causing the vehi cle to run over the employee who later died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 14, 2018, Employee #1 was working at the renovation o f a one-story multifamily residential structure.  As he moved an electrical box, he came into contact with exposed energized wires and was severely shocked.  Th e employee's heart stopped.  The employee revived and was transported to the hos pital for treatment.  The employee was hospilalized for two or more days.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 31, 2014, Employee #1 was standing on a s caffold installing sheetrock in an elevator shaft using a hand drill to screw th e sheetrock into the beams.  He had one foot on the scaffold platform and the ot her foot on a horizontal piece of wood between the vertical beams. The wood gave way and he fell approximately 14 feet, striking his head and died.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:07 a.m. on April 2, 2019, an employee assisted in the installation of new s ewage pipes in an excavation. At some point, the employee was struck in the ches t by a twenty-four inch HDPE pipe. The employee was hospitalized for rib fractur es and a collapsed lung.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on May 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in carpentry work at a multiemployer construction project, a new fiv e-story multifamily residential structure.  He was walking on the planks of a sc affold and helping coworkers install third floor trusses when he fell through a second-story window opening, a fall height of 18 feet, and struck his head on tr usses stored on the ground.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a head laceration and facial contusions.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1 was helping the owner of the comp any to clean up.  The owner tossed a metal roof anchor off of the roof.  The roo f anchor became stuck on a 7,200 volt overhead power line that ran along the sid e of the house. Employee #1 climbed a portable ladder and attempted to dislodge the anchor plate from the overhead power line.  Employee #1 received an electric al shock and fell approximately 15 feet to the ground below.  Employee #1 had bu rns to both hands.  His gloves had exploded and were burned.  An exit wound was visible on his right triceps.  A smaller exit wound was visible on his right cal f.  A significant amount of blood was visible on the pavement where Employee #1 was found.  Employee #1 sustained severe burns to his hands, arms, and legs afte r making contact with overhead power lines energized to 7,200 volts and was kill ed.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 4, 2015, an employee was in the process of completing the lath work on the parapet wall.   The owner of the company stated that the employ ee was working from the roof of the structure and had yelled to inform the owner that he had completed the job.  A few seconds later the owner heard a thump on the roof and observed the employee fall from the roof 13 feet to the lower level .  According to the Medical Examiner, cause of death was complications of blunt force injuries of the head and neck.
caught_nonfatal	On March 12, 2010, Employee #1 was in the process of throwing a piece of wood into a dumpster when he got his right pinkie caught between the dumpster and the piece of wood. Employee #1 was taken to the hospital for his injuries, which consisted of the amputation of the tip of the right pinkie finger. Employee #1 was hospitalized for four hours. Employee #1 worked for Labor Ready.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 12, 2013 an employee was working with coworkers forming and installing a storm sewer runoff for a new round-about interchange. The empl oyee was positioning a metal chute which was located on the back of a concrete t ruck, pouring a foundation for the storm sewer.  The concrete truck was under a 24. 5 ft high, 7.2 kV power line, this was perpendicular to the truck.  Approxim ately 100 ft to the south, an operator of a Caterpillar Excavator ( Model #328D) was moving stone near the 7.2 kV power lines.  While the operator was moving th e stones, one of the phases came down behind the excavator.  The excavator elbow , between the dipper arm and the boom, had struck the line causing the line to b reak.  As the line came down, it came into contact with the concrete truck, elec trocuting and killing the employee.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 21, 2014, Employee # 1, using a 24 foot extension ladder , carried a circular saw up to the roof level of a residential construction site .  The circular saw was used to trim the plywood off of the front gable end of t he roof.  The employee was sitting on his buttocks with his legs and feet in fro nt of him, six feet from the ridge of the roof near the front gable end. A cowor ker climbed up the ladder and noticed that the circular saw had started to slide down the roof. The coworker yelled to Employee #1 to alert him of the falling s aw.  Employee # 1 tried to grab the saw and started to slide down the roof and c ould not stop.  The employee fell 18 feet from the south eave of the roof onto t he bed of a pickup truck and then onto the compact soil.  Employee #1 was killed from fractures, contusions and lacerations to his head and abdomen.  There was no fall protection provided by the employer.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on September 28, 2007, Employee #1 and a coworker were using a truck-mounted boom crane (Manitex M7092) to position a plastic barrel filled with sand at the end of a new automotive test track. The coworker was operating the boom crane. Once the barrel was lowered into position, Employee #1 touched the wire rope sling with his right hand. At the same time, the boom tip was in contact with a 7,900-volt power transmission line and Employee #1 was electrocuted. The weather conditions at the time of the accident were clear and sunny and were not a factor in the accident.
electrocution_fatal	On July 13, 2012, an employee, of Dillard Smith Construction Company, was performing electrical power work on an electric pole. While cutting the primary wire on the pole, he made contact with a 7.2 kilovolt cutoff switch. He was fatally electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:50 a.m. on May 15, 2020, an employee was pulling wire into an electrical ca binet. A live 770 volt circuit was not controlled when the employee either made contact with the circuit with his hand or an electric arc completed the circuit at the employees watch. The employee received electrocution and head trauma inju ries and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 4, 2013, Employee #1 of Sacramento Municipal Utility District was assigned to investigate a capacitor bank problem at a jobsite. At approximately 7:30 a.m. Employee #1 was lying on his stomach troubleshooting the pad mount unit and was shocked with 12,000 volts. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	On February 11, 2014, an employee was working as a repair technician for a heavy equipment rental company. His employer also conducted onsite maintenance and repairs to earthmoving equipment. He had parked his maintenance truck at the top of a slope approximately 1.5 to 3.0 meters (5 to 10 feet) away from and parallel to the first of four bulldozers lined up from the top of the slope. The employee set the parking brake, kept the truck idling, and exited the truck. He then conducted a quick visual inspection of each of the bulldozers as he walked down the shoulder side of the slope. When the employee reached the bottom of the slope, he looped around the last bulldozer. He continued his visual inspection of the bulldozers as he made his way back up the slope. The employee heard a truck coming and looked over his shoulder to see that his own maintenance truck was coming at him. He was not able to react in time. He was crushed between the truck and the hard bar of the last bulldozer. He sustained a crushed right leg that had to be amputated above the knee. Approximately no more than five minutes passed from the time he had exited his truck to when he was struck by it. The employee's supervisor was at another worksite at the time of the accident. The incident happened because the truck's parking brake was unable to hold the truck. The incident was reported to the Van Nuys District office that same day.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on September 23, 2016, an employee, 54 year old superintendent went to the job site  to drop off tools/materials. The employee and another coworker (job foreman) loaded materials into the job made box, the foreman using a power industrial vehicle (PIV) raised the box to the 3rd floor where the employee was located to retrieve tools/materials from the box. At some point the employee cl imbed under and/or through the wire rope perimeter cable and stepped into the bo x to retrieve the rest of the tools/materials that could not be reached from the 3rd floor unit. Once he stepped into the box it because unstable, and with the employee inside the box, it fell approx. 27 feet to the ground. The box was not secured to the forks of the truck and was constructed using a 9x4 pallet and 3 pieces of ? plywood for the sides and back and 2 screws. The employee was kill ed from multiple injures.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 28, 2021, an employee was using a jib crane with a chain sling attachment to lift a welded plate. The chain sling was wrapped around the plate and, as it was being lifted, a 3-inch piece that had been tack welded bro ke off causing the apron to slip from the chain and fall. The apron struck the e mployee causing a fractured left ankle that required hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	A journeyman power line worker was on a utility pole, installing jumpers connecting power line conductors together. As he was changing his position on the pole, his back contacted a 7200-volt overhead power line. He received an electric shock and was hospitalized for his injuries.
caught_fatal	March 16, 2009, Employee #1 was crushed between an 8 yard trash dumpster and rear-loader trash dump truck. Employee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	At 6:15 a.m. on November 6, 2019, Employee #1, Chief Financial Officer and Owner of Integrated Enterprise Inc., a construction management, remodel and new build company, in Long Beach, CA, was checking on the statues of the work of a subcon tractor (alone) of a new commercial construction project, e.g., a restaurant bui lding.    As Employee #1 walked, on the roof of the three-story building, he the n accidentally fell through a light well, of an adjacent facility and afterwards , landed, a distance of approximately, 20 feet, below on the second level of the same building.  Afterwards, Employee #1 broke through a hotel room window and t he noise then awakening hotel guest, who then contacted the emergency services. At this time, after an impacted landing, Employee #1 sustained fatal injuries a nd was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on June 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction company, was walking on the ground and operating a roadway paving machine.  He was struck with 7,200 volts of electricity from an electric arc that occurred wh en the raised bed of a tandem dump truck made contact with uninsulated overhead power lines.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treate d for electric shock and electrical burns to his left hand and right foot.
caught_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on August 6, 2012, a fatal accident occurred at a paper mill in Chi llicothe, OH. Employee #1 was working for P.H. Glatfelter at the time of the acc ident. Employee #1 was operating a Caterpillar D8 bull dozer, pushing wood chips in the wood yard. The battery compartment of the bull dozer caught fire activat ing the automatic fire suppression system. Employee #1 proceeded to place the Ca terpillar in neutral and tried to exit the machine. When Employee #1 exited the machine, she got caught in between the track and fender, then she was run over b y the bull dozer. Employee #1 received crushing injuries to her body. The invest igation revealed that the fire was caused by wood dust and chips which had accum ulated in the rear of the machine, and that the employees were operating a bulld ozer with a leaking fuel tank which killed Employee #1.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 26, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was painting the exterior of a two-story residence as part of a multiemployer constr uction project.  He was working from a 20-foot extension ladder that was not pro perly secured when the ladder shifted and fell.  Employee #1 fell with the ladde r, a fall height of 18 feet, and struck his head on the cement sidewalk.  Employ ee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on December 8, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was installing a platform and staircase for emergency access/egress at a com mercial building.  He was working from an extension ladder leaned against a 6-in ch wide vertical steel column, with the two rails not supported equally and no s ingle support attachment.  Employee #1 was drilling holes under the surface of t he horizontal steel platform when the drill became caught and hung up, which cau sed the drill to spin.  The spinning drill struck the employee in the head and k nocked him off the ladder.  The employee fell, a fall height of 10 feet, and str uck the concrete surface.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admi tted for treatment of blunt force traumatic head injuries.  Employee #1 died at the hospital.
caught_fatal	On September 8, 2011, Employee #1 drove a garbage truck onto a customer's driveway to empty a dumpster. While backing out of the driveway, a communications cable caught on the top of the truck. Employee #1 climbed to the top of the truck to free the cable. When the cable released, it pulled him off the truck. Employee #1 fell 13 ft to the concrete driveway and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	Two power line workers were moving an overhead power line to provide clearance for a scaffold. After moving the first conductor onto a fiberglass temporary arm, one of the workers lowered the aerial lift bucket truck and repositioned the aerial lift truck to move the remaining conductors. While he was moving the truck, the other power line worker began moving the second conductor himself. His shoulder contacted the conductor on the temporary arm and his ankle contacted a conductor on the crossarm. He received an electric shock and sustained third-degree burns to his ankle and shoulder. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on July 4, 2015, an employee was installing truss on a roof 34 fee t from the ground and climbed down for a drink of water.  When he returned to th e roofline, the employee did not reconnect his harness to the lanyard and fell o ver the side of the building.  The employee was killed upon impact with the grou nd.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on September 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a metal systems co nstruction company, was working on the roof of a one-story structure.  He was ap plying underlayment to metal roof panels and was not using fall protection.  Emp loyee #1 fell from the roof, a fall height of 12 feet.  He was transported to th e hospital, where he required surgery for multiple fractures to his lower back v ertebrae.
caught_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on December 9, 2016, an employee had emptied a traile r of construction debris, but the bed would not lower.  He was attempting to rem ove hydraulic pressure from the lines so that the trailer bed would lower. When he removed hydraulic pressure on the line, the bed descended rapidly and crushed the employee between bed and frame of trailer. The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 10, 2021, an employee worked on a roof removing trusses. At some point, the purlin the employee stood on broke, and the employee fell ap proximately sixteen feet. The employee was killed by blunt force head trauma.
fall_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on June 25, 2018, an employee was working at a residential construc tion site. As the employee was working from the second floor of a residence, per forming snapping and marking work along its perimeter, he fell approximately 11 feet and struck a concrete surface below. Emergency services were contacted and the employee was transported to a nearby hospital for treatment. The employee di ed five days later.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in carpentry work at a multiemployer construction project, a one- story residential structure.  He was operating an electric circular saw, a 7-inc h Skilsaw Model Number SPT77WM, and performing rip cuts to wood two by fours.  T he saw kicked back, and the blade made contact with Employee #1's left hand ring finger.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the partial amputation of his finger .
caught_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working on a bridge demolition project.  He was using a Husqvarna K770 powe r saw to cut rebar that supported a 4,000-pound concrete abutment wing/wall at t he end of the bridge.  The abutment wing shifted, separated from the remaining r ebar, and collapsed onto the employee.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:43 a.m. on August 24th 2016, two employees were riding in a self-propelled scaffold.  The platform hit an an overhang, and as a result, one employee fell to the ground, and sustained a fatal head injury.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on August 16, 2016, Employee #1 was working on a residential roof. The employee fell off of the roof, sustained a concussion and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 7:33 a.m. on July 29, 2016, Employee #1 was rearranging steel coils around in Row 3 to gain access to the coil needed for the next order. The employee was wo rking alone, indoors in the unit coil area at a steel processing facility. Emplo yee #1 used an overhead crane to move an approximately 20,000 lbs. galvanized st eel coil on top of two other coils in the same row. Employee #1 was performing a n unknown task in front of the recently moved coil when the wooden cribbing unde rneath the bottom row steel coil failed from the additional weight of the recent ly moved coil. The failure of the wooden cribbing caused the end coil, which wer e not chained to prevent lateral movement, to kick out. The shift of the bottom coil caused the 20,000 lbs. galvanized steel coil on top to fall off, landing on the employee's left foot and striking the employee in the head. Employee #1 was killed from blunt force head trauma.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in wall renovation work at a multiemployer construction project, a one-story commercial building.  He was working from a 6-foot tall baker scaff old when he inadvertently stepped off the scaffold and fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including a concussi on and head contusion, fractured ribs, and fractured neck.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 14, 2014, an employee was unstrapping a load of pipes on a truck trailer when the pipes became unstable and rolled off and struck the empl oyee in the head. The employee was taken by helicopter to University Hospital, w here he was pronounced dead.
electrocution_fatal	On March 25, 2003, Employee #1, a painter, was using a 40 ft aluminum extension ladder that was extended approximately 27 ft to apply caulking to the siding of a three-story, single-family dwelling. The building was located about 10 ft from an approximately 24 ft high single-phase distribution line. Employee #1 was working between the house and a wooden fence that was about 9 ft from the house. He was moving the ladder to another area when he lost control of it and the ladder fell backward, striking the 13,800-volt overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on May 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a flooring contractor, wa s working at a multiemployer commercial building construction project.  He was m oving materials with a pallet jack when he lost control of the jack and his leg became caught.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured left ankle.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:44 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was attempting to work on a light switch electrical box that was blocked by twenty sheets of four foot by twelve foot drywall. The employee started to move the sheets of drywall to access the l ight switch electrical box when the sheets fell onto the employee and fractured his leg.
fall_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on November 27, 2015, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a c onstruction company, were engaged in roofing work at a residential building.  Th ey were installing a gutter along the rear of the building.  Employee #1 was wor king from a folding Gorilla Ladder installed on the sub-roof over the back door. Coworker #1 was working from an extension ladder.  Each was holding one end of the gutter.  Employee #1's ladder slid off the roof and Employee #1 fell from t he ladder, bounced off the roof, and landed on the brick walkway, a fall height of 25 to 27 feet.  Employee #1 sustained multiple head injuries and went into ca rdiac arrest.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on March 11, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was climbing a fixed metal ladder to the roof of a commercial building to engage in roof repair work.  The employee's hand slipped from a rung, which was wet due to rainfall earlier that day.  The employee fell, a fall height of 16 feet.  Emerg ency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted fo r treatment of a fractured right hip, laceration to the face, and contusions.
fall_fatal	At 12:49 p.m. on January 24, 2016, Employee #1, a welder, was retrieving his per sonal belongings and welding equipment from the 2A-1 West plenum, where he had b een working prior to his lunch break. Employee walked to the gas flow outlet are a of 2A-1 West unit, stepped onto a horizontal damper, and fell 30 feet, landing on top of isolation dampers that were in the open position.  He sustained multi ple blunt force trauma injuries to his body and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on January 1, 2017, Employee #1 was using a pressure washer to blast support angles inside a cargo tank for repainting. He had tappe d the dead man switch in the on position of the pressure washer. As he worked, E mployee #1 took a step backwards and tripped. He lost his footing and balance an d fell. The blast from the pressure washer struck his right leg, causing a deep laceration. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received t reatment and was then hospitalized.
caught_fatal	On December 18, 2018, an employee was taking depth measurements with an engineer ing rod.  The trench collapsed below the worker standing at the 11-foot edge.  T he employee was crushed and killed due to asphyxiation.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 20, 2021, an employee was standing on a loading dock.  T he employee attempted to jump from the loading dock to the paved surface below. The employee fractured his rib and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On February 13, 2006, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were repairing a two-story apartment building that was used as adult day care center. Employee #1 and Employee #2 were on an extended ladder that was approximately 20-ft long, hauling up metal pipe for pumping asphalt to the roof. As they were maneuvering the metal pipe, it came into contact with a high voltage line that was above the building. Both Employee #1 and Employee #2 were electrocuted, causing Employee #1 to fall to a concrete sidewalk. Employee #2 was able to hold on to the roof until emergency services arrived. Both Employee #1 and Employee #2 were transported to the hospital. At the hospital, Employee #1 was pronounced dead and Employee #2 was hospitalized and treated for his injury.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 19, 2021, an employee worked from a scaffold platform. A t some point, the employee fell approximately eleven feet from the scaffold. The employee received head trauma and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:27 p.m. on February 18, 2015, an employee was climbing a ladder and carryin g a piece of metal down spout.   The rain gutter touched the overhead 4.8 kV pow er line.  The employee was electrocuted when a piece of metal down spout he was carrying contacted an energized electrical wire.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on March 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was using an impact gun and torquing/twisting the bolts on a section of the bott om panel of a transmission structure that had been placed on temporary spacers. The upper panel, which was not properly secured, slowly lowered and struck the employee's head, which was pinched between the two panels.  Emergency services t ransported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of head and face injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:10 p.m. on June 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services co mpany, was working on electrical power lines following a power outage.  The elec trical utility company did not ensure that the power was switched off where the employee was working.  Employee #1 received an electric shock and electrical bur ns.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on October 12, 2019, Employee #1 was handing material to installers , putting up exterior sheathing, while he was working a Genie Z/60, aerial lift. After losing his balance, Employee #1 then fell 18 feet, from an upper parking garage level, to the concrete sidewalk (below) and suffered blunt impact injuri es to the head and torso with skeletal fractures and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 22, 2019, an employee was climbing on top of a fuel truc k when he lost his footing and fell.  The employee fractured six ribs and was ho spitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on January 29, 2018, an employee was working alone, driving to a cu stomer jobsite to deliver a Nar Jib Boom powered industrial platform (model numb er: LWI2745) for work on an HVAC system. As he unloaded the powered industrial p latform, weighing 6,040 pounds, the chain that was rigged to hold the lift slipp ed. The unit tipped over and fell on him. The employee sustained a broken back, shattered pelvis, and injuries to his knee and shoulder. He was hospitalized for treatment.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on July 14, 2015, an employee was moving a 185 pound sheet of comp osite floor decking with a coworker.  The coworker dropped his end of the deckin g and the employee lost his balance and fell from the second story to the ground , injuring their C1 vertebrae, dislocated their hip, and suffered a contusion on his forehead.  The employee was on life support for two days but died afterward s.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:40 p.m. on May 8, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in a commercial building de molition.  He was using a cordless reciprocating saw to cut the seams of a 6-inc h thick by 4-foot wide by 12-foot long insulated drop ceiling panel.  He was pos itioned between the ceiling joist and the drop ceiling when the ceiling broke fr ee from the suspension rods and fell.  The employee fell and struck the concrete floor, a fall height of 11.5 feet.  He was transported to the hospital, where h e was admitted for treatment of four fractured ribs and a collapsed lung.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:15 p.m. on April 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was doing clean up work at a road paving repair project.  He was cleaning resid ual asphalt from a Roadtec Buggy's hopper.  His back was to a delivery truck.  T he buggy moved forward, and Employee #1 was pinned between the buggy and the del ivery truck.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured hip and bruising and abrasi ons to both legs.
struck_fatal	At 4:45 p.m. on July 21, 2017, an employee was guiding a 2007 Freightliner 3 axl e truck, license plate number SC350, truck into the dock bay and was caught betw een the truck and steel racking.  The employee's head and chest was crushed and the employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:48 p.m. on April 1, 2016, two employee were both taping sheet rock and stan ding on temporary platforms. Employee #1 was working at the second floor level i nside the elevator shaft and Employee #2 working at the forth floor level inside the elevator shaft. Employee #2's platform collapsed and fell onto Employee #1 and both employee along with 26 pieces of 5/8 inch sheet rock fell to the baseme nt. Both employee were struck and killed by the falling sheet.
caught_fatal	On October 7, 2009, Employee #1, of Werner Construction, Inc., was working on a concrete road surfacing job. She was using a sprayer to clean the auger of a CMI Metro-PAV machine, when she was pulled into the auger. Employee #1 died from her injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On March 25, 2010, an employee and a coworker were moving an aluminum ladder. The employee was electrocuted when the ladder came in contact with overhead power lines.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 4, 2019, an employee was working by himself and using an el ectrical knife to clean and strip lines in a breaker box. The employee was kille d when he accidentally came in contact with an energized part and was electrocut ed. Normally these energized parts would have an arc flash shield in front of th em but when the employee was found the shield had been removed. A horizontal cut mark was found on the outer sheath of the electrical box where the employer bel ieved the employee had been cutting. The cutting motion would have put the emplo yee's arm directly in front of the where the energized parts were. There were no signs of electrical gloves. Despite the breaker being locked in the off positio n, the entire unit was not deenergized.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 16, 2017, a truck driver released the straps and got u p on the flatbed.  A forklift was standing by to unload the steel bar when the d river's feet became tangle in the straps causing him to fall off the truck on th e passenger side. Simultaneously, the round stock had momentum and continued to roll and fell on employee killing him instantly.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home renovation and r eseller company, was working at a residential construction project.  He was usin g a hand-held circular saw, Skilsaw SPT77WML with 7.25-inch diameter blade, to t rim quarter-inch strips off the edge of wood trim boards.  He was holding a trim board in his left hand and operating the a power saw with his right hand when t he saw kicked back,  and amputated part of his left hand ring finger.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital by a coworker.  He was treated for the partia l amputation and released.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:33 p.m. on March 31, 2016, an employee was marking the road f or future milling in the travel path of the dump trucks during night time. The e mployee was struck by a dump truck that was not aware that marking was be taking place.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:48 a.m. on January 10, 2020, an employee was loading Peterbilt truck onto a tow truck bed when he exited truck being towed without utilizing hand holds. Th e employee fell to the pavement and suffered multiple injuries to his head, hand s and ribs, which required hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 12:20 p.m. on May 18, 2011, Employee #1 was operating a Hyster stand-up fork lift (Model Number E35HSD-21, Serial Number A219N03387E, Employer Designation Number 15) to organize boxes of bathtubs in a receiving department. While backing up, he noticed that the forklift approached a vertical metal barrier post (42.5 in. high and 6.75 in. diameter) and stuck his left foot outside the cab. The forklift then collided with the post, pinning Employee #1's left foot between it and the forklift frame. He was hospitalized at Loma Linda University Medical Center for lacerations.
caught_fatal	On March 2, 2012 Employee #1 of J Baucom Construction LLC., was assigned to pick up the road signs from along that section of road construction, place them into the front bucket of the John Deere 410J backhoe, move them down the road and set them up in the next section of the road project. For some reason, Employee #1 got off the backhoe without turning it off, had picked up a damaged sign and placed it between the operator seat and controls instead of in the bucket. While doing this, Employee #1 accidently hit the lever that swings the backhoe and he was trapped between the backhoe boom and the outrigger when the boom swung into him. The boom locking pin was not in place but was stored in its proper location on the backhoe. Employee #1 was found by the general manager, and it appeared to him that he had not died instantly because he found evidence that Employee #1 had tried to free himself but was unable to reach the lever to do so. The general manager stated that Employee #1 was trained to run a backhoe but at this time he did not have anything in writing. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at the scene.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 26, 2018, an employee was moving an aluminum shingle el evator ladder while working on a two story residential residence and contacted t he 7,400 volt overhead power transmission electrical line, electrocuting himself .
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on July 17, 2020, an employee and his coworkers were setting up sc affolding around the perimeter of a boat section in preparation for work. The em ployee was instructed to cut out a relief section so the bracing could land on t he supports when he cut out cut out the entire section of the grated walkway ins tead. When the employee cut the last section the grate it started to fold under his weight causing him to slide out and onto the concrete floor 6 feet below. Al l hand guard railings were in place and the employee was using fall protection d uring the setup of the scaffolding walkway.  The employee broke his hip and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 3, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an electrical co ntractor, were moving a service line higher up an existing utility pole.  They w ere working from a bucket truck when the service line came into contact with ano ther utility's energized power lines.  Both employees were shocked and burned by the high voltage.  They were transported to the hospital and admitted for treat ment of electric shock and electrical burns.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 30, 2018, an employee climbed the material silo to untie a bag of mortar to be emptied into the silo when one of the silo legs collapsed and he fell to the ground.  The employee fractured his cervical vertebra and sus tained several lacerations to his head and hands.  The employee was hospitalized .
electrocution_fatal	On February 18, 2004, Employees #1 and #2, of D.E.L. Construction, were using a 21 ft tall, tubular welded-framed scaffold to build a brick wall. They were on opposite ends of the scaffold and were using a metal tape measure to mark anchor points for bracing when Employee #1's started to back up. His head struck a 7,250-volt overhead power line that was approximately 5 ft to 8 ft above the scaffold. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2 suffered an electric shock and was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and monitored overnight.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on November 30, 2018, an employee was removing shingles from the r oof when he fell off of it.  The employee sustained injuries to his neck and bac k that required two surgeries.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 11:24 a.m. on September 15, 2018, an employee was operating a compacter/rolle r when it tipped over and crushed the employee's chest, killing him.
struck_fatal	At 12:26 p.m. on September 7, 2019, an Employee was driving a New Holland B95 Lo ader/Backhoe onto a flat bed trailer and the loader/backhoe overturned.  After b eing thrown from the equipment, the employee sustained struck-by/crushing injuri es, e.g., fractured bones, cracked sternum, and severe head injuries, was killed .
electrocution_nonfatal	On November 9, 2009, Employee #1 was preparing to make a crown molding sample. To accomplish this task, Employee #1 stated that the guard had to be removed. Employee #1 was holding the piece of wood with his right hand and adjusting the height by using his left hand to turn the wheel. Employee #1 was unclear about how the accident happened. He stated that he thought the piece of wood kicked back and caused his right hand to contact the moving blade. Employee #1 was seriously injured, with deep lacerations to his second and third fingers of his right hand. Employee #1 was taken to Huntington Memorial Hospital, where he was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:50 p.m. on February 22, 2019, an employee was operating a powered industria l truck in the blending department of a facility. During operation, the employee approached an open gate located at the facility's ribbon mixer, which he reache d outside the forklift to close it.  While closing the gate, the employee's left thumb became caught between the gate and the forklift frame. The employee's thu mb was amputated at its knuckle and he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a company that fabricate d and installed industrial covers, was engaged in the installation of a liner at a waste lagoon.  A nylon strap/sling became severed, and its free end with atta ched pulley struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration to his abdomen that required five stitches and bruising to his abdomen and chest .
struck_fatal	At 2:42 p.m. on August 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a traffic control syste ms company, was working at a heavy construction project.  As a backhoe pulled ro pe and conduit from an underground pull box, he used a small traffic sign to red irect the path of the rope.  He was monitoring the tension on the rope when the traffic sign bent in half.  The rope struck Employee #1 and pushed him into a tr uck.  He sustained blunt force trauma injuries to the head and was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:00 am on September 14, 2016, an employee fell from scaffold/ ladder and died from head trauma.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 22, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete pumping company, was worki ng at a multiemployer construction project for a new building.  He was operating a concrete pumping truck when he made contact with a high voltage electric wire and was shocked.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transport ed to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for an electric shock.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on June 1, 2018, an employee was placing an 84 inch roll of paper t hat weighed 4,000 lbs on a sheeter machine and attempted to slide the roll into the center clot of the machine but it was too big.  The employee tried to push t he paper to the side to fit it into the machine when her arm was caught between it and the frame.  The employee suffered a serious contusion and was hospitalize d.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on October 3, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was using a rebar bending machine to bend rebar at a construction site.  His f ingers became caught in the machine.  Emergency services were called, and Employ ee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the ampu tation of the tips of his right hand index and middle fingers.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 4, 2016, an employee was installing gas lines inside a residential structure that would eventually become a townhome.  A load of lumber was being loaded with a forklift from the ground level to the third floor.  The employee was standing on the ground floor when a load of lumber fell on top of him from the third floor. The load of lumber went through the second floor befor e finally striking the employee on the ground floor. The employee was struck and killed by a load of 189, 2X6 wood studs, weighing approximately 3,040 pounds. T he wood studs were bundled and attached to a wood base
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on September 26, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing work at a one-story residential structure.  Employee #1 s tepped backward onto the gutter and fell, a fall height of 8 feet.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was adm itted and treated for a head injury.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 26, 2019, Employee #1, a laborer foreman, and a coworker who was operating a dump truck, both employed by a demolition company, were remo ving concrete at a job site.  Employee #1 was struck in the back by the moving t ruck, a Ford 8000 30-foot, six wheel dump truck.  He was pinned and crushed betw een the truck and a tree stump.  The County Medical Examiner determined that Emp loyee #1 died of multiple crushing injuries to his back and chest.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 23, 2019, an employee was directing trailer movement when he tried to jump on a moving toter tractor in the second yard while the operator w as in the process of making a turn to park a manufactured home. The employee fel l and was struck and run over by the rear tire of the tractor injuring the left side of his body. The employee was hospitalized with a fractured left leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on July 19, 2018, Employee #1 and a Coworker, employed by a roofin g company, were working in the warehouse.  The coworker was operating a power sa w to cut a wood chock for trucks.  Employee #1 was walking nearby.  The saw kick ed back, and the wood being cut flew out from the saw and struck Employee #1's e ye.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the eye injury.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on September 4, 2013, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were in a manlift basket 47 feet above the ground.  The manlift basket became caught on two protr uding bolts at the end of a concrete cap and ejected the employee and the cowork er.  Employee #1 was killed from the fall and Employee #2 received several fract ured bones, contussions and possibly internal injuries.
caught_fatal	At 9:30 p.m. on March 25, 2022, an employee was crushed-by 462-pound stone slabs , while loading a flatbed trailer with an overhead crane. The employee's chest w as pierced and crushed when he became trapped between the flatbed truck and a st one slab.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 23, 2007, Employees #1 through #4 were restringing and upgrading a 7,200-volt distribution line. In the process, the crew pulled the line up and into the existing 69-kilovolt line. All four workers suffered severe electric shocks, sustaining injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 p.m. on October 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was engaged in interior painting at a commercial building.  He climbed a rolling scaffold that measured 10 feet long to access an overhead pipe located on the c eiling above a stairwell landing between the 23rd and 24th floors.  He taped the pipe in preparation for painting and then descended the scaffold.  Employee #1 slipped and fell, either while descending the scaffold or while in the stairwell .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured cheekbone.
electrocution_nonfatal	On December 21, 2009, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were moving a 24 ft long aluminum motor ladder. The motor ladder was leaning against a 16 ft high eave in the vicinity of a 14,400 volt overhead power line. The power line was 18 ft horizontally from the eave of the building at a height of 20 ft. They maneuvered the top of the ladder away from the building to a near vertical position. The motor ladder contacted the overhead power line and both employees were hospitalized due to electrical shock.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on March 15, 2017, a employee, who was a delivery driver, had justa rrived at a warehouse for an approximate 10am trip. While carrying coffee and a donut, he walked down the warehouse east-side aisle that was located in line wit h the facility Supervisor's desk to say good morning to a coworker who was pulli ng an order. The employee was struck by a heavy box weighing approximately 200 l bs. in the left lower leg causing a compound fracture at his ankle. The employee was hospitalized for 6 days. The incident investigation revealed that a contrac tor group had stood heavy boxes containing headboards on the west side of the ai sle while pulling other boxes to load in their truck, which the employee was stu ck by one of those boxes.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 27, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a powerline contractor , was working at an overhead power transmission line.  He was lifting a hoist wh en he incurred an electric shock and burns.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for e lectric shock and burns.  The subsequent investigation indicated there may have been a current ground out.
struck_nonfatal	On September 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was enga ged in renovation work at a commercial building.  A machine ran over his foot. The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for amputati on of the foot.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on September 12, 2008, a worker was cutting a hole in a plastic electrical splice box (12-kV, 3-phase underground power lines) using a reciprocating saw (Milwaukee 6515-20 Sawzall 18-Volt Ni-Cad Cordless Reciprocating Saw, S.N. 971G604390458). As the worker was cutting the hole, so that he could insert the end of a conduit, he struck the energized high-voltage line cable which caused a flash explosion. He received flash burns on his left arm, hand and face, which required hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 13, 2018, an employee was moving a pallet of stacked cera mic tiles from one end of the floor to the opposite end when the pallets fell on top of him.  The employee suffered a fracture to his left foot and ankle, multi ple contusions and bruises, lacerations, and scrapes.  The employee was hospital ized.
caught_nonfatal	Employee #1 was on the back side of the Langston's first print station while performing a cleaning operation, which included wiping down cylinders on a printing machine by hand with a rag. At some point in the operation, Employee #1's left hand was caught between the print cylinder, which he was attempting to turn, and the anilox roll, which was rotating, causing serious injuries including the partial amputations of the left ring and middle fingers and additional injuries to the back of the left hand.
electrocution_nonfatal	Employee #1 was standing on a 6-foot metal ladder, drilling a hole, when the ladder slipped. The employee fell and landed on the metal drill bit, sustaining a cut near his right eye.
fall_fatal	At 10:39 a.m. on January 30, 2014, an employee was working from a one-tier mobil e scaffold to perform drywall finishing operations on the ceiling.  The employee was fatally injured from head injuries when he fell from scaffold platform 6 fe et and 9 inches to the ground.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on April 25, 2017, Employee #1 was leaning against one side of a 3 foot deep trench, observing the excavator work further down the trench line. A 3 foot by 3 foot portion of the trench sidewall collapsed, falling on the employe e's leg. Employee #1 sustained a fractured tibia.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on August 13, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a renovation company, was engaged in electrical work in the attic of a one-story residence.  He had n ot turned off the electrical power.  As he handled an electric wire, he was expo sed to live electrical current.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on March 6, 2018, Employee #1 was moving a panel switch to open a position on the 480 Volt MCC breaker. An arc flash occurred, and the employee su stained burns to his eyes, face, neck and hands. He was hospitalized for treatme nt.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 14, 2015, Employee #1, a welder employed by a structura l steel company, and Coworker #1, his foreman, were engaged in construction work at the site of a movie studio.  Employee #1 was operating an aerial lift.  A wi tness later reported that the foreman pressed the button for the aerial lift to go down, but the lift went up.  Employee #1's head was trapped between the lift and a catwalk.  Employee #1 lost consciousness.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a he ad injury.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 4:16 p.m. on July 27, 2010, Employee #1, an employee of Contemporary Housing Solutions, LLC, was feeding tree branches into a wood chipper, and the glove on his left hand got caught on a branch. His left hand was pulled into the chipper and all five fingers were amputated. Employee #1 was transported to John Muir Medical Center and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On May 21, 2009, Employee #1 was working for electronics component manufacturer. Employee #1 had complained to her coworkers that she received an electric shock from her work station. Coworkers noticed that Employee #1 did not look well and assisted her to the cafeteria. Emergency medical services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where she later died.
struck_fatal	On October 25, 2017, an employee was helping with unloading some steel light pol es from a truck bed.  The employee stepped back and tripped over some items that were strapped to the truck bed.  The employee fell from the truck and struck hi s head on the compacted gravel surface.  The employee was hospitalized and later died.
caught_fatal	At 3:25 p.m. on June 18, 2022, an employee was in an excavation in the process o f repairing a 4-inch PVC sewer line. The sewer line was located at a the end of a shared residential driveway. After a coworker started  up a mini-excavator, he noticed the interior trench wall of the excavation started sloughing.  The empl oyer told the employee to stay in the pothole area of the excavation. As the emp loyee attempted to move in the direction towards the pothole area the wall colla psed. The employee was trapped, crushed and asphyxiated and died.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 a.m. on September 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a highway construct ion company, was engaged in a road paving operation.  He was operating a tack tr uck when the truck's sprayer became clogged.  As he began disassembling the spra yer to unclog it, he was sprayed with hot oil.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated fo r second degree burns to his right hand and arm.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 23, 2018, Employee #1 was releasing the strap restraints that secured a pile of window frames and doors which were propped up against th e inside wall of delivery truck.   The entire weight of the stack, approximately 600 pounds, fell over him and caused his head to be buried into his chest. The employee  sustained tendon and nerve damage as well as fractures to his vertebra e. He was taken to Valley Medical Center in San Jose, where he stayed for five d ays.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on July 20, 2019, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by an el ectrical services company, were installing wiring and Acuity Brands BLT/BLC LED Luminaire lights in a school classroom.  Employee #1, an electrician, was workin g from an 8-foot fiberglass ladder and checking an installed light that had shor ted out.  Coworker #1, the crew foreman, went to turn off the breaker that suppl ied power to the classroom.  Before the power stopped transmitting to the room, Employee #1 made contact with an energized circuit, sustained an electrical shoc k, and fell from the ladder.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead from electrocution.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 6, 2015, a roofer was spreading aluminum fiber coating on the roof of a row home while standing on a 28 foot tall aluminum ladder using a 10 foot long aluminum extension pole with a brush head attached on the end. T he employee made contact with overhead 7,200 volt powerlines with the 10-foot ex tension pole while working on the roof and fell on to a concrete sidewalk.  The employee  was electrocuted
caught_fatal	At 8:38 a.m. on April 15, 2017, an employee was shoveling dirt into a pile at th e bottom of a trench.  The employee was pushed into a concrete retaining wall wh en an earthen wall burst.  The employee was killed from head trauma.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on December 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was engaged in demolition work at a multifamily residential structure.  He was w orking at an elevation when he attempted to descend by moving onto the forks of an industrial truck, Toyota Model # 7FGCU15 Serial Number: 68186.  Employee #1 f ell, a fall height of approximately 14 feet, and struck his head and left arm ag ainst the asphalt surface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for his head and arm injuries .
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on August 22, 2019, an employee was removing fuses from a 4,160-vol t substation cabinet. As the employee was removing the canister fuses, his right arm came into contact with the feeder line and his left arm came into contact w ith the left side of the panel door. This created a circuit and caused the emplo yee to become shocked. The employee suffered electrical shock, fractured ribs, f ractured vertebrae, burns to both elbows, and cardiac arrest. The employee was h ospitalized for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	On May 8, 2009, Employee #1 was gluing molding around the door of his company truck/vehicle. He closed the truck door prior to getting his thumb out of the way, resulting in amputation of his left thumb tip. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 8, 2019, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a constructi on company, were engaged in a bridge construction project.  They were spotting a nd inspecting a 70-foot Pile Driver Hammer/Lead as it was being placed horizonta lly in the yard.  The load line of the crane came into contact with a 25 kilovol t overhead power line after the Pile Driver had been laid down.  All three emplo yees sustained a minor electrical shock to their hands, feet and/or legs.  The e mployees received medical treatment but did not require hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:23 a.m. on April 24, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing construction contractor, was working at a construction site for a multifamily residential st ructure.  He was operating a portable SkilSaw circular saw to cut a wedge from a 2 by 4 piece of lumber.  He was holding the wood piece with his left hand and h olding the saw with his right hand, with the bottom of the wood piece resting on the ground.  The saw hit a knot and kicked back, cutting his fingers that held the wood.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted f or treatment of an amputated left thumb and other laceration injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 24, 2004, Employee #1 was repainting the end of an apartment building, near to both an entrance and some balconies. He was movving a fully extended aluminum extension ladder and took several steps backward when the ladder contacted a 21 ft high overhead power line. Employee #1 received an electric shock from the 19.9 kilovolt uninsulated line. He sustained injuries that required hospitalization, and at least three toes on one foot had to be surgically amputated.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 31, 2019, an employee was operating an overhead crane lifti ng a discharge head. The employee's right hand thumb was caught between the lift ing device (eye bolt) and the discharge head.  The employee was hospitalized to treat a crushed and fractured thumb.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:23 a.m. on September 1, 2015, an employee fell 40 feet from a platform. The employee received head injuries and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on September 22, 2017, Employee #1 was driving over to pick up his personal items. His truck struck a concrete filled bollard, knocking it askew. T he employee tried to straighten it up, but it broke off and fell on his leg, fra cturing his femur. Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 1, 2020, an employee was operating a Bulkliner Model #4 4C2055 Feed Truck delivering grain to a stationary silo. The employee was positi oning his truck and equipment operating the discharge auger controls when the au ger made contact with a 69,000 volt overhead powerline approximately 11 feet awa y from the silo. The employee was killed when he was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:42 p.m. on January 24, 2022, an employee was heading for a restroom locate d near an empty carts pickup location. The employee grabbed  an empty cart on th e way pulling it behind her with her left hand. There were some uprights located near the same area with an empty space that would fit the cart. The employee de cided to leave the cart in this area, since it would be clear of the aisle. The employee pulled the cart toward the open space, but struck an upright on the cor ner with the cart handle where she was holding it with her hand. The employee ca ught her left finger between the cart handle and the upright. The cart was not m otorized and was empty as the employee was pulling it. The employee partially am putated her finger and required medical treatment without hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 8:57 a.m. on August 24, 2015, an employee was marshaling equipment into place . A construction vehicle (Tri-Axle Dump Truck) struck the employee fracturing hi s left upper leg and killing him.
struck_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 6, 2017, an employee was painting. As the employee was sta nding on a portion of a roof, just above a porch, the inadvertently stepped off the roof's edge and fell to a concrete surface below. The employee suffered blun t force trauma to his head and was killed as a result.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on April 3, 2017, an employee was removing material that had becom e caught in a slitter machine. The employee accidentally stepped on the foot ped al which activated the machine. The employee's hand was caught in the slitter ro llers. The employee's left arm and hand were fractured.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 17, 2017, an employee was standing on a scaffold system whil e signaling a crane to place pre-fab roof panels into place. The scaffold was un guarded and the employee fell to the ground, suffering internal injuries and a l acerated heart, resulting in his death.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 p.m. on July 14, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a drywall contractor, wa s working from a scaffold and installing interior walls at a commercial building .  He fell from the scaffold.  The employee was transported to the hospital, adm itted, and treated for abdominal injuries.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on June 12, 2018, an employee was cutting (burning) boiler tubes fr om a tube plate. The tube plate platform collapsed. The employee sustained crush ing blunt force trauma from the falling boiler and died.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on January 1, 2017, Employee #1 was using a pressure washer to blast support angles inside a cargo tank for repainting. He had tappe d the dead man switch in the on position of the pressure washer. As he worked, E mployee #1 took a step backwards and tripped. He lost his footing and balance an d fell. The blast from the pressure washer struck his right leg, causing a deep laceration. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received t reatment and was then hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:15 p.m. on November 8, 2018, an employee was working for a firm that bottl ed and distributed soft drinks. He was standing and about to make a phone call, when a forklift ran into him. He suffered fractures to his leg and ankle. He was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on March 8, 2021, an employee and a coworker worked to adjust a me tal grate cover above a twenty-foot deep settling basin. At some point, the empl oyees lost control of the cover which fell into the basin along with the employe e. The employee was killed by unspecified injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On May 18, 2008, Employee #1 was the working foreman of a gas crew assigned to assist an electrical repair crew for an unplanned outage of a high-voltage electrical line identified as Circuit 227. The electrical repair required that the terminator, the terminator cabinet, and the underground conduits containing high-voltage cables between the terminator and a fuse box to be replaced. A gas crew was called in to assist the electrical crew with traffic control and digging to expose the conduits to be replaced. Circuit 227 was opened and deenergized between Switch 227-44 and the Miramar Substation so that the work could be performed. At approximately 12:57 a.m., Employee #1 was observing a coworker digging and was moving a halogen light on a metal tripod from the top of a soil spoils pile onto level ground nearby. As Employee #1 was moving the tripod, his right thigh made contact with a primary cable on the terminator, causing an electrical arc. Employee #1 was exposed to approximately 6,930 volts of electricity generated from back feed, thrown backwards approximately two feet, and landed on the ground. Coworkers attempted CPR until emergency crews arrived. Employee #1 was taken to Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, where he was pronounced dead. The accident was reported at 9:15 a.m. and the employer did fulfill the 8-hour reporting requirement.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 17, 2004, Employee #1 was working on an energized, 480-volt panel when an explosion occurred, similar to an arc flash. He sustained severe burns on his neck and on both arms. Employee #1 was transported to Bridgeport Burn Center, where he was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 17, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a plumbin g/heating/air conditioning contractor, were engaged in installation work at a fo ur-story commercial building.  The coworker lowered a scissor lift being used to move the sheet metal.  Employee #1's left ring finger was pinched between the u nistrut and the lift's top rail, and the fingertip was amputated.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the amputation.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on September 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multiemployer jobsite, a regional medical center.  He was w orking from a scaffold's work platform and dismantling the scaffold when he step ped backward and fell.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture to his righ t ankle.
struck_fatal	At 6:45 p.m. on June 21, 2018, Employee #1 was moving material. The employee was struck by a beam and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on September 25, 2018, two employees were raking topsoil when a veh icle crossed from the far side of the road and struck both workers, killing one employee and injuring the second.  The nature of the injuries were not specified in the original narrative.
struck_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on May 14, 2015, an employee was releasing the tie down ratchet str ap that secured a 15,000 pound concrete panel to his semi-truck trailer.  As the employee loosened the strap, the top of the panel shifted and it fell towards t he ground, crushing the employee underneath.
fall_nonfatal	The worksite was a retirement community.  An employee, a painter, was on a ladde r scraping loose paint on the gutter in preparation for a new paint job.  At 1:4 0 p.m. on January 6, 2022, the painter was reportedly descending a 10-foot A-fra me ladder placed on the concrete in front of a residence. He thought he was on t he last rung, as he proceeded to step down. The painter then realized he was on the second rung, after he fell and the ladder landed on top of him. The ladder w as a 10 foot A-frame aluminum ladder. There was another laborer that was paintin g the interior of the building. He heard the scream and came outside to assist. The supervisor was in the immediate area but did not witness the accident. The p ainter misjudged the rung that he was stepping on and thought it was the last an d then ground. There was no accident-related violation. The painter sustained a strain injury to the left knee and damaged a ligament and was treated without ho spitalization.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 p.m. on July 11, 2022, Employee #1 was loading pipes at the Port of Stoc kton. Each pipe measured 3-inch in diameter, 21-feet in length. The pipes were b undled, 16 pipes in each bundle. Employee #1 asked the longshoreman to correct t he load, as it was uneven and appeared unstable. The longshoreman refused.  Empl oyee #1 strapped the load down to the trailer. Three straps were utilized - fron t, middle and rear. Employee #1 drove the load a short distance across the stree t to the employer's yard to be unloaded by forklifts. Employee #1 began to remov e the straps. Employee #1 removed the first strap close to the truck cab first. Employee #1 began to loosen the tension of the strap at the rear of the trailer. A bundle of pipes fell from the trailer onto Employee #1. Employee #1's left le g femoral artery was severed. The left leg was amputated above the knee. Employe e #1 was pronounced dead on July 25, 2022 at 1:40 p.m. due to complications from injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on February 4, 2013, an employee and a coworker were repositioning a loaded sheetrock cart to gain access to perform framing activities along an interior corridor within the space of a new commercial building under construction. Each end of the sheetrock loaded on the cart had become lodged in the metal framing which made up the curved, interior corridor wall. The employee and the coworker attempted to dislodge the sheetrock from the metal framing, and in the process, the sheetrock loaded on the cart, which had not been secured to the cart, tipped over onto the employee. Emergency services were contacted and the employee was transported to U.C. Davis Medical Center and was admitted to the hospital. The employee was in the hospital for a total of seven days undergoing treatment for a fractured right ankle and multiple fractures to the pelvic.
caught_nonfatal	On October 20, 2009, an employee was working as a Slicer Helper. The employee was working with the Slicer operator and one task was to pull tape across the width of the end of two carpet pads. When the tape was pulled across and laid down, the operator activated a 350 degree heat bar which lowered down and melts the tapes glue causing the pads to be joined. During one of the taping cycles, the tape was pulled across but the operator activated the heat bar before the employee had removed his right hand. The employee sustained third degree burns for which he was hospitalized and underwent skin grafts.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:16 a.m. on August 2, 2013, Employee #1 was working on the south side of a residential house along the skirt edge of its roof, installing shingles. He had climbed a section of an aluminum ladder and came into contact with the 120/240 volt wiring at the weather head entry. The police and Emergency Services arrived at the job site, where he was pronounced dead at approximately 11:41 a.m. The body was transported to the Evansville Coroners morgue for an autopsy.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in the demolition of a utility room at a retail shopping mall.  He w as working from a ladder and cutting a large pipe.  The pipe fell and struck the ladder, causing the employee to fall.  The employee was transported to the hosp ital and admitted for treatment of a fractured leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 a.m. on April 21, 2018, an employee was cutting laminate stock with a De lta Industrial Unisaw 10 inch Right Tilting Arbor Saw (34-806) and was using his right thumb to push it through the saw when the laminate kicked back.  The empl oyee's thumb was struck by the saw blade, amputating finger from his hand.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 21, 2018, an employee was crossing the ground to talk with some bystanders while a coworker was making the final cut on a tree section that measured approximately 10 feet by 20 inches.  The employee was struck in t he head when his coworker completed his cut and the section of tree fell, striki ng him in the head.  The employee sustained severe head trauma, a fractured skul l and severely lacerated his face.  The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:36 a.m. on March 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was installing interior walls at the site of a residential building constructi on project.  He was working from a scaffold and drilling into drywall when he lo st his balance and fell, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for fractures to his heel and ankle and a dislocated elbow.
electrocution_fatal	On February 3, 2004, Employee #1, a laborer, was using a boom truck to move overhead phone and cable lines. He was elevated to the top position when he contacted a 2,400-volt overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on March 31, 2021, an employee was driving a tractor-trailer hauli ng and dumping dirt at a property when the truck tipped over. When the truck fel l, a six inch galvanized steel fence post sticking out of the ground went throug h the driver's side window and pinned the employee to the truck cab center conso le, killing the employee.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on November 19, 2020, the employee was welding. The employee was u sing a crane to flip a steel beam on one end to stand vertically. Chain rigging on the overhead crane caught the bottom of the vertical beam, causing the beam t o flip and strike the employee. The employee was killed when he was caught betwe en two beams and then fell to the ground.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on July 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was finishing the day's work at a one-story commercial building.  He was winding in the cable of an electrically powered Top Lift laddervator when his h and became caught between the cable and a rung.  Two fingers were amputated.  Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the amputat ions.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 20, 2003, Employee #1 was installing a new 14.4-kilovolt power line when contacted the line. He received an electric shock and sustained injuries that required hospitalization. Employee #1 was not wearing any form of personal protective equipment.
electrocution_fatal	On December 8, 2021, Employee #1 was working as part of a three man crew to lay up barges, spuds, and spud holders on dry land with a mobile crane on a tract of land near the south Wissota hydroelectric power plant for the winter season.  A t approximately 9:00 a.m., the cable of a crane operated by a coworker contacted an overhead power transmission line, while Employee #1 was holding onto the rig ging to place it into the bed of a pickup truck.  The coworker called emergency medical services (EMS) and began performing CPR until EMS arrived and took over. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital for treatment for electric shock and burn-related injuries and died on December 19, 2021. Employee #1's foot was als o amputated.
electrocution_nonfatal	On December 17, 2003, Employees #1 through #3 were manually stabilizing a load of steel that was left by a truck-mounted crane when the crane's boom contacted a 115 kilovolt overhead power line. All three workers suffered from electric shock and they were transported to the hospital, where they were treated and released.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 13, 2018, an employee was walking across a roof when a portion of the roof the employee was on collapsed. The employee fell through th e panel and received multiple, unspecified bone fractures. The employee was hosp italized for his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:36 a.m. on October 27, 2017, Employee #1, the owner of a roofing company, w as delivering roofing materials, including metal plate covers that would go arou nd the roof's four skylights, to the multiemployer construction site of a new si ngle family residence.  Employee #1 accessed the roof and began walking to the b ack area, where one of his employees was working.  Employee #1 unknowingly stepp ed onto a skylight opening.  The opening was covered with leftover roof sheathin g material that the general contractor had asked his employees to put in place t o protect the openings from rain.  However, by covering the skylight openings wi th the leftover sheathing material, the openings took on an appearance identical to the solid roof that was covered with sheathing material.  Employee #1 fell t hrough the sheathing material and the skylight opening, a fall height of 14 feet .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al.  He was admitted and treated for multiple rib fractures and fractured spinal disks.  Employee #1 required surgery and two weeks in the intensive care unit. At the time of this report, the treating physicians stated that Employee #1 was paraplegic and the condition was permanent.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 15, 2019, Employee #1 and three coworkers, employed by a framing contractor, were engaged in framing activities for a new residence.  Th ey were attempting to set a ridge beam in place.  Employee #1 and coworkers were on the third floor and working from a temporary walking/working surface while m anually setting the beam, which was approximately 25 feet long.  The employees s et one end of the beam in place, but did not brace or otherwise secure it.  When they went to set the other end in place, the first end slipped out and swung ar ound, striking Employee #1 in the side of his face and knocking him off the work ing surface.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet, and land ed on an angled 2 by 4 piece of lumber.  Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, where he was admitted for treatment of multiple fractured ribs and fractur ed lumbar vertebrae.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:45 a.m. on October 9, 2018, an employee was troubleshooting a 480-volt on a hot oil heater that had faulted out and was showing an error code.  The employ ee removed the heater cover without locking the heater out and reached into it, his face touching two 277V live conductors.  The employee sustained an electric shock and burns on the right side of his face, requiring multiple surgeries and skin grafts.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 (the subcontracted owner) and Employee #2 were bringing down the lad dervator to disassemble it, as the roofing job was almost complete. As Employee #1 was pulling the laddervator away from the building, he lost control, and the laddervator fell into the 14.4KV powerline.  Employees #2 and #3 tried to assist with the ladder and assist Employee #1. Employee #1 was electrocuted, and Emplo yees #2 and #3 received severe shocks and were  hospitalized for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 p.m. on July 8, 2018, an employee was troubleshooting a conveyor belt t hat was hanging up when running.  The employee moved the belt backwards and felt pressure on it before trapping his finger between the belt and pulley, amputati ng it from the third knuckle up.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 28, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a roofing contractor, were loading roofing insulation material onto the south-side upper r oof of a large one-story industrial building that was being constructed.  Two we eks earlier, employees of another employer had made six openings in this area of the roof, cutouts for later installation of a Greenheck Model GRSI-42 Typ-6 exh aust fan system.  These openings had 13-inch high curbs and were covered with 20 -gauge sheet metal secured with three 1.5-inch screws on each side.  On May 28, 2019, Employee #1 fell through the sheet metal covering one of the openings, a f all height of 31 feet, and struck a concrete slab.  Emergency services transport ed the employee to the hospital, where he remained for 50 days.  His injuries in cluded a traumatic brain injury, numerous facial and skull fractures, fractured ribs, C1-2 vertebral fracture, and fractures to both arms and left leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:50 p.m. on November 3, 2006, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was on a 6 ft ladder, troubleshooting lighting circuits at a site in San Francisco. He opened a splice wire to check proper A and B switching when he suffered a 277-volt shock and fell from the ladder, injuring his right hip and lower back in the fall. Employee #1 was transported by ambulance to San Francisco General Hospital, where he was admitted for treatment. Subsequent investigation revealed no accident-related violations, but Employee #1 had gone beyond the scope of his assigned work to troubleshoot a live circuit without direction from his direct supervisor. He had not turned the power off and he was working without insulated gloves, contrary to the employer's policy. In addition, when work involved conductors energized at 277 volts or higher, two people with the proper classification (i.e., journeyman) were required to work together; Employee #1 was working alone. The employer had held and completed a pre-task planning meeting. It was determined that the accident was caused by an independent employee act.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:40 p.m. on May 6, 2013, Employee #1 of La Tapatia Tortilleria, Inc., sustained a partial amputation of his left fourth digit (ring finger) during the course of his normal duties as a maintenance mechanic. Employee #1 was removing dough from a tortilla press while the equipment was being activated. Employee #1's finger became caught in the press resulting in crushing injuries. The incident occurred on line #2 in the flour department of the tortilla manufacturing company. The employee was transported to a nearby hospital where he was treated.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 4:12 p.m. on September 3, 2008, Employee #1 was at a residence, washing the exterior windows. A metal tool he was using came into contact with overhead high voltage electrical lines carrying approximately 12,000 volts of electricity. The electricity entered the employee's body through both hands that were on the metal tool, and exited through his right hip and toe that were in contact with the building structure. As a result of the exposure to the high voltage electricity the sustained serious permanent bodily injury, including internal injuries and amputation of both hands. Employee #1 was transported by ambulance to UCSD Burn Center in San Diego, California where he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:24 a.m. on June 23, 2021, an employee was wrapping a power pole with a cov er when he contacted an energized 23 kilovolt phase line with his arm. The emplo yee was killed when he was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a demolition company, w as working at a multi-employer construction site, of a commercial building.  He was demolishing a first floor interior wall.  Electrical power in the building h ad not been shut off, and nearby electrical wires had current flowing through th em.  Employee #1's left arm came into contact with a conduit containing live ele ctrical wires, and he received a shock.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was treated for an electrical shoc k injury to his left lower arm.  During the subsequent investigation, it was det ermined that the electrical rating for the building was 120 volts/20 amps.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on March 23, 2017, Employee #1 was installing seamle ss aluminum gutters from a ladder jack scaffold, approximately 15 foot high.  He fell, suffering head, neck and upper torso injuries and died.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 30, 2019, an employee worked to strap plastic water barrie rs to a lowboy trailer. At some point, a wind gust blew over a barrier, which st ruck the employee and knocked the employee off the trailer. The employee was hos pitalized to treat a fractured hip.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 5, 2015, an employee filled up a 48-foot long open top trail er with sawdust.  The employee started to back out from under the bins while the bin gates were still open.  An additional volume of sawdust drained from Bin #2 and covered the truck cab completely.  The employee attempted to exit the cab b ut was trapped and engulfed by the sawdust.  Several co-workers and EMS personne l responded but were unable to revive the employee who was pronounced dead at th e scene.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 15, 2018, Employee #1 was installing a new light fixture. Th e employee was rewiring a connection to the new lighting fixture when he made co ntact with the existing electrified wiring and was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	An 1:30 p.m. on February 12, 2010, Employee #1 and a coworker were installing some vapor barrier and drywall in a hallway while standing on a rolling scaffold. They were working at about 5.5 feet above the ground. Employee #1 was attempting to install the last three sections of drywall while the coworker was assisting. Employee #1 stepped backwards, falling off the rolling scaffold and hitting the concrete. The coworker contacted the employer to tell him that Employee #1 had an accident. The employer came to the accident scene and contacted a supervisor. The paramedics had stabilized and transported Employee #1 to the hospital for surgery and treatment at Palomar Medical Center in Escondido for at least three weeks. Employee #1 had received head trauma injuries. The employer does commercial, government and schools by installing metal studs, drywall and metal framing. Employee #1 was using a Perry rolling scaffold with a platform, vapor barrier, drywall sections, screw gun, screws and a hard hat. The employer did report the accident to the Division at 4:56 p.m. on February 12, 2010.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 10:27 a.m. on February 27, 2014, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a construction framing company, was working on a scaffold platform at a multifamily construction project. He was nailing a wood block on an exterior wall while sitting on the fourth level of the scaffold platform, which was approximately 28 feet above the ground. Upon completing his task, he attempted to stand up by holding onto a midrail attached to the scaffold frame on his right side. One end of the midrail detached from the scaffold frame, and Employee #1 fell off the platform and to the ground, a fall height of approximately 29 to 30 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Santa Clara Valley Medical Center. He was admitted and treated for bruises/contusions/abrasions to his back. This incident was reported to Cal/OSHA by the employer at approximately 4:30 p.m. on February 27, 2014. During the subsequent investigation, it was established that the employer was one of multiple subcontractors at the worksite. Employee #1 stated that he was an experienced carpenter and well trained in work safety, but not trained to do safety inspection of the scaffolds. Employee #1 stated that he recalled seeing the fastener/latch of the midrail open as he was standing up, and the midrail came off easily in his hand, without his exerting any effort. Then he struggled to hold onto something, but because he was leaning toward his right side, he lost his balance and fell. The investigation determined that the scaffold was erected by one of the other subcontractors, Northstate Plastering, Inc. The foreman/supervisor of Northstate Plastering, when interviewed, stated that he was responsible for the scaffold inspections, but he did not inspect the scaffolds on February 27, 2014. He stated that he had erected this scaffold. He had secured one end of the mid-rail by tying it to other scaffold members with a metal wire. He fastened/latched the other end of the midrail on a lock pin, which is part of the scaffold frame. Photographs taken by the Santa Clara Fire Department showed that every midrail, including the midrail involved in this incident, was tied up with a wire from one end only. As stated by the Northstate Plastering foreman/supervisor, the other end of the midrail in question was fastened/latched to a lock pin along with two other scaffold members. The Northstate Plastering foreman/supervisor stated that it was common practice to fasten/latch three ends of different scaffold members (cross-braces and midrails) onto one lock pin. However, the scaffold manufacturer, A1 Plank & Scaffold Mfg., Inc., was contacted and asked if three scaffold members can be latched safely onto one lock pin, and the manufacturer stated, "The securing of x-braces and rails on the same lock pin will only allow you to 2 (scaffold members). The reason for this is if you get more on there than 2, the force and pressure of having a third one on there could cause the outside one to pop off and could become a safety issue." The investigation determined that the midrail in question was the third scaffold-member on the lock pin. According to the project's general contractor, after Employee #1's fall, the scaffold was inspected and the set-up of the scaffold members was changed. Only two scaffold members were fastened on one lock pin, and an additional midrail was installed for better security. The investigation concluded that, based on the statements and observation, the exposing employer, that is, Employee #1's employer, and the creating/correcting/controlling employer, Northstate Plastering, Inc., did not ensure that the scaffold's midrail was secured before exposing Employee #1 and other employees to the hazards of working on the scaffold. At the time of this report, both subcontractors were to be cited for a serious violation of T8 CCR 1644(a)(6). In addition, Northstate Plastering was to be cited under T8 CCR 1509(a) for not effectively implementing th
electrocution_nonfatal	On February 21, 1006, Employee #1, an experienced electrician, was performing a side job for a church renting space at a facility. He was changing light switches on a 277-volt, 15-amp system when he was electrocuted. Employee #1 was the sole proprietor and was working on his own.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction contract or, was working at a multiemployer construction project for a residential buildi ng.  He was performing clean-up work, carrying approximately 30 to 35 pounds of sheetrock leftovers and debris along a raised wooden walkway from the work platf orm to a dump truck.  The walkway, which was composed of plywood, broke, and Emp loyee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 15 inches.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for head, neck, back, and leg injuries.  Employee #1 was reported to be unable to move his legs, hands, and neck.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on November 20, 2017, an employee was loading a forklift onto a fl atbed trailer when it rolled off.  The employee was struck by the forklift as it fell and fractured his right foot and left leg.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 p.m. on May 4, 2020, an employee and a coworker in a scissor lift to wor k on a boom truck. The employee was working from the inside of a scissor lift go t their arm caught on the controls of the truck boom.  The truck boom picked up the employee and swung the employee into a metal racking system and pinned him. The employee was pinned into the metal racking by the boom, resulting in a fatal ity.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:07 a.m. on October 5, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a concr ete construction company, were working to grade/level a Pro-Shore deck panel and GASS post.  A deck panel from 12 to 18 feet away from the employees fell and ca used a total of five deck panels to fall.  One panel struck Employee #1 in the h ead.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital for treatment of a non-serious neck fracture and then released without hospitalization.
caught_fatal	At 6:49 a.m. on March 21, 2018, Employee #1, a truck driver, was waiting in a li ne of solid waste transfer semi-tractor trailers, located on a private road with in a landfill. The waiting trucks were approaching a location known as the "deta rping station." Employee #1 was preparing his semi-trailer to be dumped by loose ning the tarp straps prior to tarp removal from the top of the trailer. As the e mployee released the tarp tie-down straps on the left side of his trailer, anoth er semi pulled in behind him. The second truck driver stopped his truck approxim ately 10 feet from the rear of Employee #1's trailer. The second truck driver th en exited his tractor and began releasing the tarp straps on the left side of hi s trailer, when  he observed his semi-tractor trailer moving forward toward Empl oyee #1. The second truck driver ran to his tractor in an attempt to enter the c ab and apply the brakes to stop his unit; however, he was too late.  Employee #1 was crushed between his truck and the second semi-tractor trailer. The second t ruck driver reversed his truck approximately 7 to 10 feet to release Employee #1 . The employee suffered blunt force trauma to his chest and was unresponsive. Em ergency services were called and, upon arrival, Employee #1 was determined dead. The incident investigation determined that there was an imperceptible slope of the road that caused the semi-truck to roll from a complete stop.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was framing an interior second-floor wall for a new two-story residential s tructure.  He was climbing a 10-foot stepladder when a wood framing member shift ed.  Employee #1 tried to hold onto it, lost his balance, and fell, a fall heigh t of 29 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  he was admitted and treated for a fractured rib and a lacerated arm.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on July 6, 2017, an employee was climbing a ladder on the side of s ome scaffolding to install several panels to the first floor of the scaffold.  T he employee's hands slipped when he was approximately 20 feet high and the emplo yee fell to the ground.  The employee suffered fractures to both legs and was ho spitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on June 21, 2019, an employee was operating a Delta Brand Table Sa w ripping a small piece of wood for a cabinet he was building.  As the employee pushed the wood through the saw with his fingers, he struck his left ring finger against the unguarded blade. The employee amputated his finger and was treated without hospitalization.
caught_fatal	At 2:40 p.m. on September 27, 2019, an employee was cutting a new road on the si de of a mountain with a Caterpillar Model  Number D6H11 Bulldozer.  The employee was caught in a vehicle roll over when the bulldozer rolled down the side of th e mountain.  The employee was killed from blunt force trauma.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on April 29, 2016, a worker was manually removing floor boards from the second story of a barn that was used as a hay loft. As he stood on the exte rior edge of the loft to remove some floor boards, he fell 13 feet to a concrete surface below. He landed face first, suffering multiple fractures to his head, ribs, and face. The worker was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was determin ed to have died.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on February 25, 2021, an employee was removing a deenergized power line from an auxiliary arm. The employee had positioned the bucket of the truck he was working from under 13 kilovolt energized power lines.  After grabbing the deenergized power line with one hand he used his other hand to move the control of the bucket to move it up. The bucket moved up too quickly and he struck the energized power line with his back across the shoulders. The employee was electr ocuted and killed.
electrocution_fatal	On September 27, 2002, Employee #1, a carpenter, was reconnecting the wiring of an exit sign above the ceiling grid as part of a renovation project that involved the replacement of ceiling tiles on the fourth floor corridor. The exit sign was disconnected to allow for a cut in the new ceiling tile. An electrician disconnected the sign from the circuit a few days earlier and left the circuit energized. Employee #1 was working from a ladder and had already cut the ceiling tile and refastened the exit sign. The wires he was reconnecting to the sign were energized and the ungrounded conductor was at 277 volts. No electrical protective equipment other than an insulated pair of pliers was used. Normally electricians disconnect and reconnect electrical installations but on occasion other trades were permitted to do so depending upon whether or not it was something simple. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 14, 2015, Employee #1, employed by an industrial service s company, was working at a refinery.  He was climbing down from a scaffold plat form when he lost footing and fell, a fall height of 30 feet.  Emergency service s were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured right arm, a fractured pelvis, and back injuries.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on January 14, 2014, an employee was painting and leaned on a rail ing.  The railing gave way and the employee fell to the ground, and is killed.
electrocution_fatal	On December 28, 2006, Employee #1 entered an electrical substation by climbing a 6 ft tall chain-link fence that had three strands of barbed wire at the top. He then walked across the top of the metal cabinets that protected the banks of transformers. As Employee #1 reached the tower area where the electrical power entered the transformer building, he contacted one of the 7,200-volt phases. He suffered a severe electric shock and multiple arcs began to emanate from the point of contact, which was just above the disconnect pull. Employee #1 fell 7 ft from the roof of the cabinet to the concrete pad on which the transformers were mounted. His right hand and arm sustained severe burns and his clothes, as well as the flesh of his right arm, were still on fire when the first responders reached him. It took several minutes for help to arrive because of the chain-link fence, and a coworker had to take down the fence for the first responders to get in. When the fire-rescue crew arrived, they cut the lock on the gate to the substation to enter the site. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he died on January 6, 2007.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:00p.m. on March 2, 2020, Employee # 1 was repairing an electric box. The li ne was connected to electricity from another point. Employee # 1 suffered burns on his hands. He was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on February 12, 2019, an employee was operating a table saw while c utting laminate material and his finger came into contact with the rotating saw blade, amputating his pinky and ring finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:45 p.m. on July 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an HVAC contractor, was re-assembling the HVAC maintenance panel at a residence. The employee contacted live electrical components.  He sustained an electric shock and lacerations to h is left hand.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for tre atment.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on December 17, 2014, Employee #1 was walking on a ro of when he stepped through a fiberglass roof panel and fell 24 feet.  He struck a metal beam and wood pellet fuel and died of a head injury.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 10, 2017, an employee was laying aluminum grating on a walkway that stretched 75 feet over the width of the 3 VLR tanks.  The aluminum grating was not fitting as expected, so the grating was laid on the steel cross members between the beams of the walkway but not secured. The employee is believ ed to have stepped in an open hole or stepped on grating that was not secured an d fell through an opening to the concrete ground below.  The employee fell 11 fe et  5 inches to the concrete ground, and sustained multiple injuries.  The autop sy indicated that the employee's death was due to multiple blunt force injuries to the head.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:00 a.m. on July 26, 2017, Employee #1 and coworkers were working outside a commercial building.  They were hooking straps around a pedestrian tunnel built from scaffolding.  Employee #1 was working from a stepladder.  He climbed off th e ladder and onto the top of the structure they were building in order to grasp the end of a strap.  The structure folded and collapsed accordion style.  Employ ee #1 fell with the falling structure, a fall height of 9 feet.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitt ed and treated for a leg fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on August 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working at a multiemployer construction project.  He had accessed the flat roof to set up the fall protection system.  Before utilizing the fall protection, Em ployee #1 fell from the roof, a fall height of approximately 11 feet.  He struck his head on the concrete pavement.  Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and  treated for blunt fo rce trauma to the head.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construc tion company, was working on the foundation level of a new residence.  He was pr eparing caisson rebar frames when he was struck by a turning Casa Grande B125 Mo bile Crawler Hydraulic Drill.  His leg was crushed between the superstructure of the drill rig equipment and a caisson frame.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures.  The subsequent investigation determined that no spotter wa s working with the equipment operator, and Employee #1 had not received appropri ate safety training.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:25 a.m. on August 1, 2017, Employee #1 was reworking a welding fixture. The employee had gloves on and was taking a measurement of the part he needed cut. When he got his measurement, he closed the clamp, but his finger was caught in t he clamp, amputating it.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on September 15, 2006, Employee #1, who worked a billboard painting company, was on a catwalk situated directly above a 7,200-volt overhead power line. He was pulling on a painting spray hose so it would reach the work area when he struck the power line and was electrocuted. A coworker rushed to help him and Emergency Services was called. The Fire Department responded and transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead. He had been using proper fall protection equipment and had received basic safety training, but nothing related to the hazards associated with overhead power lines. His employer had been in the trade for more than 10 years and should have been knowledgeable about the safety requirements for working around power lines, but it had not scheduled any special provisions for this job site. The employer had apparently acknowledged the power lines once he was on the job site and positioned the truck at the opposite end, but Employee #1, who was in his third week with the company, was directly over the line at the time of the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 12, 2018, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a masonry construction company, was erecting a welded frame metal scaffold at a commercia l building construction site. He lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 13. 58 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fractures to his right leg and left ankle.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 28, 2017, Employee #1, a municipal employee, was operat ing a dump truck and dumping gravel onto a road for paving.  A clump of gravel b ecame caught between the tailgate and the truck's bed.  As he attempted to clear the gravel, his fingers became caught and crushed.  Employee #1 was transported and admitted to the hospital.  He was treated for a fractured left index finger and a lacerated left middle finger.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 23, 2005, an employee was working as an electronics technician in the television and appliance service department of a retail store. He had worked for the company for 23 years. He was servicing a microwave oven that needed a new magnetron tube. With the power to the oven still on, he lifted the oven. His hand accidentally came into contact with a power connection to the oven's magnetron tube. The oven's power supply provided current to the magnetron at 4,000 volts DC. The employee sustained an electric shock and lacerated the index finger on his right hand. He was hospitalized seven days for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was in an aerial lift, installing new overhead power line conductors as part of a project to upgrade an existing 12.47-kilovolt overhead power line (7.2 kilovolts to ground) to a 34.5-kilovolt line (19.9 kilovolts to ground). The employee was lifting a new conductor onto a dolly when his spotter saw an electric arc. The power line worker fell to the bottom of the aerial lift bucket, and the spotter lowered the injured employee to the ground. The employee received cardiopulmonary resuscitation on site and was airlifted to a hospital, where he died. He had been electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on April 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working on the roof of a residence when he fell.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture and amputation.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on September 15, 2011, Employee #1, Employee #2 and five coworkers were pouring concrete on the 5th floor roof of the Revel Casino. Employee #1 and Employee #2 were guiding and emptying the concrete hopper and it began to rain. The employees then heard one or two strikes of lightning in the distance, and agreed to head inside. Before the employees could start packing up, another strike hit, killing Employee #1 and injuring Employee #2. It is believed that Employee #1 and Employee #2 both had their hands on the hopper when lightning struck either the crane or the bucket. After two full crane inspections, one by the operator onsite and one by the crane rental company, no signs of lightning strike or any other damage were found on the tower crane. The autopsy determined that the official cause of death for Employee #1 was Lightning Strike.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 a.m. on September 12, 2019, an employee was performing maintenance on a 3-tier lantern from a bucket truck. As the employee was working, a box truck pas sed under the bucket truck and struck the bucket that the employee was standing in. The employee was ejected and fell to the street and killed by unspecified in juries.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on September 7, 2019, a truck driver got out of his truck and was a ttempting to brush gravel off of the forks on a lull before a lift. At the same time, the lull operator tilted the forks back to pick up a load. The truck drive r's right index finger became pinched, resulting in an amputation.
electrocution_fatal	On May 6, 2003, Employee #1 was operating an over-the-road hauler that measured 57 feet long. As he manually operated the tarp on the hauler, extending it to a height of 25 feet above the ground, the equipment came into contact with a 7,600 volt overhead power line that was located 21.25 feet above the ground. Employee #1 was electrocuted and killed.
caught_fatal	Employee #1, working for the Murphysboro Township Earn Fare program, was found by a coworker pinned between his van and an entrance door to his building. The van was running and was in gear. When the coworker moved the van, Employee #1 fell to the ground and became unconscious. He was transported by emergency services to the hospital, where he died four days layer from his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s engaged in demolition work at a job site.  He was operating a jackhammer to br eak up concrete steps when a piece of concrete caused the jackhammer to suddenly move downward.  Employee #1's left ring finger was caught and crushed between t he jackhammer handle and the nearby concrete riser.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for crushing injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on April 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, was working on the roof of a residential structure.  The employee lost his balan ce, slipped, and fell on top of an industrial vehicle.  His head and torso struc k against the vehicle's tire and frame before he hit the ground.  The employee w as hospitalized to treat head, knee, leg, and other injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on May 1, 2017, an employee was cutting a piece of wood with a tabl e saw. The employee reached over the running table saw to move a piece of scrap wood and came in contact with the saw blade.  The employees amputated his left i ndex finger at first joint, and sustained lacerations to his left ring finger.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on December 28, 2021, an employee accessed a roof using an extensio n ladder. The employee stepped onto the roof and then took approximately three s teps on the roof and fell approximately sixteen feet through a roof opening cove red with plastic. A coworker provided first aid and called for emergency service s. The employee was hospitalized for surgery to treat the injuries to the right hand.
electrocution_fatal	On August 7, 2006, Employee #1 energized an electrical panel to inspect a security lighting circuit. This backfed a transformer and energized the busbars, on the exterior structure, to 7,200 kilovolts. Employee #1 then climbed onto the structure, where he contacted the busbar. He received an electric shock and fell 15 feet to the ground. Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 20, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a const ruction company, were working at a four-story multifamily residential constructi on project.  They was dismantling framing around a bathroom floor opening as a r esult of design plan changes.  Employee #1, who was wearing a hardhat but no fal l protection, fell through the unsecured 3-foot by 3-foot floor opening, a fall height of 10 feet, and struck his head on the stairs below the opening.  He sust ained blunt force traumatic head injuries.  Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital, where he was pronounced dead.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on February 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a drywall constructi on company, was engaged in drywall finishing work at a multiemployer constructio n project, a commercial building.  He was climbing a Baker scaffold to access th e work platform when he fell, a fall height of approximately 4 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for fractures to his wrist and arm.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 25, 2019, an employee was using a Bosch 4100 10 inch table saw to cut a groove in a 4 inch wide by 11 inch long by 1 inch thick block of p lastic material. There was no guarding in place on the saw blade. As the employe e made the cut, the blade pinched in the saw kerf and the block kicked back resu lting in the employee's hand striking the blade. The employee partially amputate d his index fingertip requiring medical treatment.  The employee was not hospita lized.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 15, 2019, Employee #1 and three coworkers, employed by a framing contractor, were engaged in framing activities for a new residence.  Th ey were attempting to set a ridge beam in place.  Employee #1 and coworkers were on the third floor and working from a temporary walking/working surface while m anually setting the beam, which was approximately 25 feet long.  The employees s et one end of the beam in place, but did not brace or otherwise secure it.  When they went to set the other end in place, the first end slipped out and swung ar ound, striking Employee #1 in the side of his face and knocking him off the work ing surface.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet, and land ed on an angled 2 by 4 piece of lumber.  Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, where he was admitted for treatment of multiple fractured ribs and fractur ed lumbar vertebrae.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 13, 2017, an employee was working on an elevated surface. The employee fell from an unprotected edge and struck the concrete floor.  The employee was killed as a result of a traumatic brain injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on April 29, 2018, an employee was loading propane bottles onto a t ruck when he lost consciousness through a diabetic incident.  The employee fell from the forklift, fracturing his nose and bruising his face.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	There were five inspections associated with this investigation: 1373753, 1373762 , 1373764, 1373769, and 1374355, for a temporary staffing agency. This account w as based on that of the temporary staffing agency. At 11:45 a.m. on January 23, 2019, an employee was working for a temporary staffing agency. He was cutting me tal frame supports. He was working next to n unsupported drywall partition. The partition was approximately 2.4 meters (8 feet) tall and 1.8 meters (5 feet, 10 inches; or 5.83 feet) wide. When he pulled on an electrical cord, the wall fell onto his back. The employee was pinned between the wall and a chop saw. He was h ospitalized to treat unspecified injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:39 a.m. on November 12, 2018, an employee was working to disassemble a scaf fold alone. The employee was working to remove the third level ladder portion of the scaffold, shaking it to break it loose. At some point, the employee lost ba lance and fell approximately eighteen feet and received fractures to his left he el, right ankle and compression injuries to three spinal discs.
fall_fatal	At 2:54 p.m. on March 29, 2018, an employee was walking across a low sloping met al roof on a steel building during the repair of a roof leak. The employee stepp ed on a fiberglass skylight and fell through. The employee fell 16 feet to the c oncrete floor. The employee sustained multiple blunt force trauma injuries and l ater died.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on June 11, 2015, Employee #1 was operating a Paslod e PF350-S pneumatic framing nail gun to frame an approximately 1 foot by 12 foot roof overhang that was elevated approximately 10 foot. He was working from Kell er type 1A 6 foot and 8 foot fiberglass step ladders.  Either during framing or descending the ladder with the pneumatic nail gun, he was struck in the chest wi th a 3.25 inch nail that also struck his heart. Employee #1 was hospitalized and died on June 30, 2015.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on October 17, 2017, an employee was attaching a Hyundai Translead HT Dolly to the back of the front trailer being readied to haul. The dolly was o n a slanted surface which caused it to roll as the employee was holding the doll y by the frame. As it rolled, the dolly bounced and the eye hook, which attaches to the pintle hook, went into an opening above the pintle hook. The employee's left hand was caught between the dolly and trailer frame. The employee sustained a partial amputation of the left pinky finger.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 p.m. on November 24, 2104, an employee had towed a truck in need of repa irs to a location determined by the client.  The employee went to release the to w straps on the vehicle and was caught between the tow truck and the towed vehic le.  His coworkers found him lying on the ground unresponsive and made attempts to resuscitate the employee.
electrocution_fatal	An employee of one electrical contractor on a jobsite was connecting jumpers at a substation. Another contractor on the site was running a test on a circuit. The test passed current through a transformer that was connected to the bus on which the employee of the first contractor was working. This energized the bus and electrocuted the employee.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on November 17, 2017, an employee was welding a 16 inch pipe flange on to a reducing steel pipe elbow.  The employee had made a first pass weld on the flange and repositioned himself to make a second pass weld. The elbow was on three pipe stands and fell as the employee moved, crushing his leg.  The employ ee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in structural steel erection for a new five-story commercial buil ding.  He was working from a ladder and setting the steel in place when a piece of steel released from the magnet being used as rigging.  The steel fell and str uck the ladder, which caused the employee to fall and strike his head on concret e, a fall height of 15 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a head injury.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:20 a.m. on March 17, 2016, an employee was setting up a wall. The employee was beginning to construct an exterior wall by moving a 2-ft by 10 -ft manually. A circular hole was cut into the first floor measuring 64-in diame ter, where a spiral staircase would be installed in the house from the first flo or to the second floor. The employee fell through two circle floor holes that wo uld be spiral stairs. He fell approximately 30 feet and hit head on the concrete .  The employee had laceration on his head and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on September 10, 2015, Employee #1 was called to troubleshoot an el ectrical outage following rain storms, in the area that supplied electricity to several oil well pump jacks. After several attempts to make contact with the emp loyee by the operations center, Employee #1 was found unresponsive. It was deter mined that the employee was killed by a possible electrical shock from the 7,200 volt electric current that supplied the pump jacks.
caught_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 5, 2021, an employee took measurements of the depth of an excavation when the soil collapsed under the employee. The employee was caught i n the soil and killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on September 15, 2018, Employee # 1 was attempting to load steel pi pe onto a forklift at the yard location J. He was rolling steel pipes form dunna ge onto the blades of a forklift with an improper pipe key. The pipe rolled over with the pipe key which was attached to the pipe, crushing the employee's thumb between the pipe key and another steel pipe already loaded on the blades of the fork lift. Employee # 1 suffered a fractured thumb and was hospitalized.   The employer complied with the reporting requirement on September 15, 2018 at 5:52 p .m. in compliance with 342(a). DOSH arrived at the site on September 19, 2018 At 9:00 a.m. No accident related violations were issued because the injury does no t meet the definition of a serious injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a job site.  He was working from an 8-foot ladder and attempti ng to install a light fixture.  The back of his right hand came into contact wit h an energized circuit.  Employee #1 fell face first from the ladder onto a tile floor.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured skull.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 14, 2022, an employee was performing carpentry and frami ng work on the fourth floor of a new residential building under construction. Fo r an unknown reason, the employee fell 40 to 44 feet 6 inches from the structure . The employee sustained broken ribs, fractured vertebrae, and a brain injury in the fall, requiring hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	On July 20, 2009, Employee #1, with an electrical contractor, was directing the hoisting of an 8 ft by 16 ft storage container from a trailer using an electrical utility line truck (Number 566L, Altec Model Number D3060A TR, Serial Number 0108PM0300) in the employer's storage yard. When the storage container caught on the trailer, he placed his left hand between the storage container and the trailer to free the suspended container. The container then shifted and crushed Employee #1's hand between it and the trailer. He was hospitalized for amputations of his fourth and fifth fingers.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 24, 2019, an employee was moving sheet steel with an ove rhead crane. While lowering the material onto wood, the employee's right hand be came caught between the sheet steel and the wood, resulting in an amputation to the right index finger.   The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on April 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, was working on the roof of a residential structure.  The employee lost his balan ce, slipped, and fell on top of an industrial vehicle.  His head and torso struc k against the vehicle's tire and frame before he hit the ground.  The employee w as hospitalized to treat head, knee, leg, and other injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On October 23, 2008, Employee #1, a maintenance mechanic, was preparing to repair a torn conveyor belt. While pointing to a pulley, the torn portion of the belt rotated around the tail pulley, struck his left hand, and pulled it into the pinch point between the tail pulley and tensioner pulley. Employee #1 was hospitalized for a fractured arm.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on February 16, 2018, an employee leaned over a snubbing unit on a drilling rig to clear two hydraulic hoses and his rain coat caught on the contro l arm that lowered the unit.  The employee was struck by the snubbing unit as it was lowered and was hospitalized with internal injuries to his liver and kidney as well as several ribs that were bruised.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:50 a.m. on February 2, 2019, an employee was driving a tug on the ramp and had a seizure.  The employee fell off of the tug onto the pavement and struck hi s head, sustaining a concussion.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on March 17, 2022, an employee was laying down decking with the res t of the crew. One corner of the decking would not fit in place. The employee re positioned and stepped on top of a brace between trusses. When the employee went to try to force the decking in place, the brace gave way and the employee fell approximately 15 feet onto the concrete ground. The employee sustained an injury to the head and broken limbs, and later died in the hospital.
struck_fatal	At 3:20 p.m. on March 15, 2022, Employee #1, a welder,  was removing a metal eme rgency exit staircase that was installed on a three-story building.  After the t op section was removed and taken away by forklift, Employee #1 removed the wall bolts, which were securing the platform of the second section to be removed. The section was supported by two steel columns, which broke at their bases due to h eavy corrosion. The staircase section collapsed and stuck Employee # 1, killing him.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 a.m. on August 1, 2018, an employee was nailing Oriented Strand Board (O SB) sheathing panels to the roof of a new home. The employee fell approximately seventeen feet from the roof. The employee was hospitalized due to head, face, a nd rib fractures and loss of consciousness.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 5, 2019, Employee #1, operating a truck-mounted drill/auger, was dr illing a hole in the earth.  The machine operator contacted a 13.2-kilovolt unde rground power line and sustained a severe electric shock.  The employee was hosp italized for treatment of electric shock and electrical burns to both elbows.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on December 3, 2014, Employee #1 was driving an aerial lift onto a transport trailer to return it to a rental company. The employee was operating the lift from the aerial basket and was secured to it by a lanyard.  The aerial lift was not centered on the trailer, so the employee was attempting to correct its position. The left front wheel slid off of the trailer causing the aerial li ft to fall off the trailer and roll over onto its left side.  Employee #1 was th rown out of the basket, hitting his head and upper body on an adjacent steel sto rage box, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	On November 22, 2006, Employee #1, a lineman, was part of a three-man crew adding a third wire to an existing power line. The existing service was a 12-kilovolt pole consisting of two hot wires and a neutral. The crew's company had been contracted by Allegheny Power to add a fourth wire to provide three-phase service to a local company. Once up on the pole, Employee #1 found that the pole's cross-arms were rotten and needed replacement. After completing this, and after moving the primary phase from the old crossarm to the new crossarm, Employee #1 contacted the 7,200-volt line. The entry wound was on his back left shoulder and the exit wounds were on his lower calves. He was transported to the hospital, where he died two days later. At the time of the accident, he was wearing 13 in. long Salisbury leather protectors over 10 1/2 in. long Salisbury Type I Class 3 protective rubber gloves, White Rubber Corporation Type I Class 2 rubber sleeves, head protection, eye protection, and flame-retardant shirt and pants. Three WH Salisbury & Company Class 3, Type II line hoses and two Salisbury Class 4 Type II insulating rubber blankets were also in use. The hoses were on two neutral lines and one primary phase. One blanket was wrapped and secured around another primary phase. The other blanket was draped across the end of the new crossarms. The primary phase that Employee #1 moved from the old crossarm to the new crossarm was not protected with a line hose or insulating blanket.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:55 a.m. on January 13, 2022, an employee was utilizing a 6-foot ladder.  Th e employee fell from the ladder to the floor. The employee suffered herniation t o the spine and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on November 27, 2021, an employee was repairing a jam med roller on a car wash conveyor while performing service and maintenance on th e car wash conveyor system. The employee attempted to re-align the rollers and f ailed to perform energy control of the conveyor system. The employee attempted t o grab a roller, and the right hand was caught in the chain and sprocket. A cowo rker pushed the e-stop to power down the equipment.  The employee amputated the right ring finger and crushing  injuries to the middle and pinky fingers.  The e mployee was hospitalized to treat these injuries.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on November 3, 2017, an employee was on a ladder prepping for sidin g.  The employee lost his balance and fell.  The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:36 a.m. on April 21, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an elec trical services company, were engaged in installation work inside a 24-foot buil ding.  They were pulling Cat 5E data cable from the top of a large walk-in freez er and attaching J-hooks.  The employees were not using fall protection.  Employ ee #1 fell, a fall height of 23 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Emplo yee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractur es to both ankles and injuries to multiple vertebrae.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on October 31, 2006, Employee #1 was on a 6 ft fiberglass ladder, troubleshooting non-working lights at the Gove Health Center at UNC-Greensboro. He contacted a live, 277-volt conductor and received an electric shock that caused him to fall from the third rung of the ladder. Employee #1 struck his head on the concrete floor as he landed. He was transported to Moses Cone Hospital and then transferred to Baptist Hospital, where he underwent surgery for the head injury. As of November 3, 2006, his condition was critical and unstable.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 16, 2016, an employee backed his truck onto a trailer h itch and attached the cables.  While raising the trailer supports into travel po sition, the truck rolled back, pinning the employee against the adjacent trailer and crushing his chest.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on Aug. 11, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a highway construction company, were loading an asphalt roller onto a trailer.  The cowor ker was operating a backhoe to load the roller, and Employee #1 was guiding the roller.  The roller shifted, Employee #1's hand became caught between metal plat es, and his thumb was amputated.  Emergency services were called, and Employee # 1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the amputation.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 5:00 p.m. on February 23, 2017, Employee #1 was helping a cowor ker put away stock.  Pallets of corrugated boxes needed to be moved were stacked on top of each other and leaning.  Employee #1 used a reach truck to take the t op pallets down because the stacks seemed unstable.  He took a pallet down and a fter blowing his horn, backed up with the load.  As he was backing up he saw his coworker driving towards him on another reach truck.  Employee #1 turned right hard to make avoid an accident then saw a cherry picker that was parked with the forks raised.  Employee #1 crashed into the parked cherry picker with one of th e forks going through his leg.  Employee#1's leg was fractured in two places an d he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:25 a.m. on August 23, 2018, Employee #1 was climbing a ladder and inadvert ently fell from the ladder to the ground level, landed and struck his head.  As a result, Employee #1 sustained a closed-head-injury and was then transported to a hospital for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:30 a.m. on January 4, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a town's public works department, was part of a road crew sanding a roadway.  Employee #1 was operatin g the sanding vehicle.  The sand was not applying properly.  Employee #1 stopped the vehicle, stepped onto the side step, and examined the sander for clumped sa nd as he held onto the sander screen frame with both hands.  He then attempted t o step off the side step while continuing to hold onto the screen frame with his left hand.  His titanium wedding ring caught on a welding burr on top of the sc reen frame, and his left ring finger was degloved.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and underwent surgery.  The left ring fi nger had to be surgically amputated.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 7, 2019, Employee #1 was driving KLX Truck #427 to drop off several pallets of paper products. The employee backed up the trailer van i nto the receiving area and then detached and parked the KLC Truck just outside t his receiving area. He exited his truck and walked into the receiving area and i nto the Truck Trap Area. He began communicating with an employee via intercom at the drop off site through the Security Window.  At approximately 11:45 a.m., as Employee #1 was standing and waiting for the receiving employee to open Overhea d Door #2, he suddenly collapsed. Employee #1 fell forward, hit his chin and nec k on a small metal table and then fell backwards toward the side wall. The emplo yer was summoned by his security staff, who immediately began chest compressions on Employee #1. EMS was called and responded. First responders continued to att empt to revive the fallen employee.  At approximately 12:26 PM, he was pronounce d dead by paramedics in consultation with the hospital base station. According t o the medical examiner, Employee #1 died from a heart attack.
struck_nonfatal	On September 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was enga ged in renovation work at a commercial building.  A machine ran over his foot. The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for amputati on of the foot.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:35 p.m. on November 7, 2007, Employee #1, of the Technical Resource Center in Santa Ana, CA, was contracted to DCI Electric, Inc., and was working at the Warren E&P petroleum reclamation site in Wilmington, CA. At the time of the accident, he was working on the backside of a 277/480-volt ASE-Sierra Micro Turbine switchgear box that controlled the vertical north/south pumps at the reclamation site. Employee #1 was passing control wires from the front of the box to the back when the wiring accidentally touched an energized part and he became frozen to the buss. A coworker dislodged Employee #1 and called 911. Employee #1 was given CPR at the site and was transported to Kaiser Harbor General Hospital, where he was admitted at 3:03 p.m. for treatment. He recovered and was discharged the next evening at 10:57 p.m.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:05 a.m. on August 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story cold storage f acility.  He was directing the installation of cold storage panels to a wall, wh ich involved raising the panels 16 feet with a 55-ton Terex Crane.  The panels, each weighing approximately 490 pounds and measuring approximately 49 feet long, 42 inches wide, and 3 inches thick, were attached to the crane by a bail.  Howe ver, the bail was not properly screwed into one panel, and as that panel was lif ted, it came loose and fell.  The falling panel struck Employee #1's head.  The employee, who was not wearing a hard hat, was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on April 9, 2019, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by an electrical construction company, were installing a power pole.  Employee #1 w as assisting Coworker #1 to guide the end of the pole over a silt fence while Co worker #2 operated the pole truck.  Coworker #1 slipped on mud and lost his grip on the pole, which swung into Employee #1.  The pole caught Employee #1's left hand and pushed his fingers into the truck, where they were caught and crushed b etween the truck and the pole.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, whe re he was admitted for treatment.  One fingertip had been amputated.  Another fi nger had been stripped to the bone up to the second knuckle.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on July 17, 2014, Employee #1 and Employee #2 working with coworkers were installing concrete piping for a storm drainage system. A c oworker was operating an excavator which was being used to lower pipe into posit ion in an excavation and to excavate the areas where pipe was being placed.  Emp loyee #1 , Employee #2, and a coworker had just positioned a section of 18-in. i nside diameter concrete pipe and were waiting for the excavator operator to atta ch a bucket to the excavator, a Caterpillar 320D equipped with a JRB Hydraulic S martloc coupler 320B.  Employee #1 and Employee #2 moved to the west side of the north to south running trench.  The excavator was located on the east side of t he excavation and the operator connected the bucket using a quick coupler.  The operator maneuvered the arm of the excavator so that the cab and arm were perpen dicular to the east side of the excavation.  The operator then attempted to exte nd the bucket towards the excavation and the bucket detached.  The bucket rolled from the east lip of the trench down onto the northern point of the installed p ipe, striking the pipe. The bucket then continued rolling at an angle which caus ed the northern most portion of the bucket to strike Employee #1 in the trunk, b elow the left armpit, pinning him to the west wall of the excavation.  Employee #2 was pinned to the west wall as well facing the wall with the bucket teeth aga inst his back.  Employee #1 sustained a puncture of the chest cavity from the to oth of the bucket and was killed. Employee #2 sustained contusions and abrasions to his back.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was installing electrical wiring for a commercial building's ceiling l ight fixtures.  He was working from a scissor lift when he received an electric shock from live electrical wiring.  Employee #1 fell from the lift, a fall heigh t of 8 to 9 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transport ed to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries to his head, back, and chest.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on June 24, 2017, an employee was rolling a coil of steel weighing approximately 2,000 pounds to another location in the facility.  The employee ha d their left leg struck by the steel coil when it tipped over and pinched the em ployee's left leg between it and the floor. The employee suffered a fractured le ft tibia and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on June 13, 2005, Employee #1 was cutting metal track with the chop saw after taking measurements. When Employee #1 turned around and walked with the metal track that he cut, his left foot stepped over the electric cord on the floor. The electric cord was used by another employee who was working on the scissor lift fastening metal track with his electric screw gun. When Employee #1 stepped forward, his right foot was caught under the electric cord and he tripped. Employee #1 released the metal track that he was holding while he was on his way down to the floor. However, Employee #1 landed on another metal track already installed on the floor. Employee #1 suffered a 3-in. cut to his right wrist. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m.. on October 23, 2019, an employee was unloading an enclosed traile r and fell from it at some point.  The employee was sustained multiple injuries to include a fractured skull, eyes, bruised to his arms and legs as well as frac turing both legs.  The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on February 25, 2019, Employee #1 was operating a Raymond Powered I ndustrial truck in the warehouse. The employee had her right foot outside the ru nning lines of the forklift.  The employee turned in an aisle and her right foot became caught between the forklift and a support pole,  causing multiple fractu res to the right foot. The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s working at a multiemployer construction site, a new municipal building.  He ha d used a heavy duty Werner Fiberglass Extension Ladder, Model 31, Type 1A, 300-p ound capacity, to climb to the rooftop, which had a 4/12 pitch.  As he stepped o ff the ladder, he slipped and fell to the concrete sidewalk below, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for five broken ribs, seven broken t eeth, a broken jaw, and brain swelling.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 17, 2021, an employee was preparing to repair a fault o n an underground cable when he made contact with a live 13,200-volt cable. The e mployee was electrocuted and suffered thermal burns and internal injuries, resul ting in death.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on October 23, 2018, an employee working with coworker #1 using ha nd shovels alongside coworker #2, who was operating a construction vehicle (grad er), to grade a parking lot. At some point, coworker #2 looked over his left sho ulder to the rear of the grader while simultaneously turning the steering wheel to the left. This caused the grader to move laterally to the right and strike th e employee. The employee was hospitalized for unspecified blunt force trauma to the employee's body.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 3, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at the construction site for a new residence.  He was on the roof an d performing roofing work when he fell, a fall height of approximately 11 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital .  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures.
caught_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on April 14, 2009, Employee #1, of Townhaven Construction, LLC, was cleaning debris accumulated on the floor. While he was clearing debris, the two story building unexpectedly collapsed, killing him.
fall_fatal	At 11:28 a.m. on August 28, 2018, an employee was on the roof installing the sid ing, while working from a ladder.    According to the other employee, the employ ee complained of feeling dizzy and came off the roof and was resting for a few m inutes and then went back to work on the roof.  About 20 minutes later he fell o ff the roof, resulting in severe head, neck and back trauma.  The employee was k illed.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on July 25, 2015, an employee was installing a new roof from a scaf fold.  The employee was hit by several planks when the roof collapsed, forcing h im from the scaffold to the ground.  The employee was killed from the tear of th eir aorta and had multiple unspecified fractures.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 22, 2011, a full time permanent employee, of Miller Drilling Company, Paso Robles, CA, was working on a water tank in a remote location. He climbed a metal extension ladder that had been provided by the customer and placed against the 10-foot tall metal water tank. The employee ascended the metal ladder to conduct an electrical test on a malfunctioning 110-volt tank float. He grounded himself out against the metal tank and received an electrical shock. He fell approximately 5 feet to the ground, landing on his back. He was transported to Twin Cities Hospital, Templeton, CA, and subsequently transported by ambulance to Sierra Vista Hospital, San Luis Obispo, CA. The employee was determined to have suffered a burst fracture of T9 vertebra. This accident was reported to Cal/OSHA Division on July 25, 2011, 2 days 20 hours and 55 minutes after the incident. The Division conducted an opening conference on September 1, 2011, at 9:17 a.m. Investigation determined that the employer, in the business of water well drilling, repair, and maintenance in the local area, had provided the employee a fiberglass extension ladder and rubber gloves to use when testing live circuits. The employee, however, did not use this equipment. Instead, he used the customer-provided metal extension ladder, which had no identifiable markings. The employer received a general citation under Title 8 Calif. Code of Regulations 3276(f)(2).
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on August 25, 2006, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was installing a new breaker for a branch circuit he was running to power the air handling units on a roof. He removed the cover and dead front from the panel and began pulling wire to connect it to the breaker. The panel was energized, and somehow the three main feeder lines coming into the main breaker contacted one another, causing an arc flash and blast. Employee #1 suffered burns on his arm and face, for which he was hospitalized. Company records indicate that he had been trained in lockout/tagout and in electrical safe work practices. Personal protective equipment was also available for his use. At the time of the accident, Employee #1 had been working for the company for about two months, but he had also worked for them earlier for about for five years.
electrocution_fatal	On July 13, 2007, Employee #1 was tacking 4 ft by 8 ft sections of expanded metal to the floor of a new compressor building. He was using a Miller Electric Welding machine, Model Number Dialarc 250 AC/DC in the DC mode. He was sitting on the grounded metal surface when his chest made contact with the welding electrode in its holder. Employee #1 became the path to ground and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On November 11, 2003, Employees #1 and #2 were using a mobile scaffold to clean gutters at an apartment complex. They were moving the scaffold when it contacted a 7,200 volt overhead power line. Both employees were electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 15, 2011, Employee #1, #2 and #3 were repairing an electrical power distribution equipment at the entrance of a substation. The equipment was at 14,400 volts. As they worked, an electric arc flash occurred and injured the employees. Employee #1, #2 and #3 were transported to a medical center. Employee #2 and #3 were treated for unspecified burns and released from the hospital. Employee #1, who had unspecified and severe burns, was treated and then transferred to another medical center, where he was hospitalized. No other details were provided in the narrative.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 10, 2022, an employee worked in an excavation to install concrete blocks for a retaining wall. While working the excavation and concrete blocks collapsed and struck the employee as they fell and was hospitalized to t reat multiple bone fractures.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 4, 2016, two employee were installing metal roof trim a nd both employees fell off platform. One employee was killed from blunt force tr auma to head and the other employee was hospitalized for unspecified injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on January 30, 2018, an employee had unstrapped the quartz slab and got down from the truck bed to the ground to pick-up the wedge that he had drop ped.  The employee was struck by the quartz slab when a gust of wind blew it ove r and it fell on top of him.  The employee was hospitalized with several cracked ribs, a fractured ankle, as well as neck and back pains.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on January 8, 2018, an employee was taking bundles of shingles ont o a roof.  The employee was climbing the ladder and fell.  The employee fracture d his skull on impact with the ground and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on June 10, 2014, a 50-year old male employee was feeding brush in to a wood chipper.   Two other coworkers were also on site processing debris; ho wever, they were not witnesses to the fatal incident. An operating engineer who had been assisting the foreman was returning to his excavator when he found the employee on the ground unresponsive.  The employee was transported to the hospit al where he was pronounced dead.  The Coroner determined the cause of death to b e blunt force trauma to the head, neck, and chest. The employee had been struck by the cutter wheel hood of the brush chipper.
fall_fatal	At 1:50 p.m. on April 8, 2016, a worker was lifting an aluminum walk board that was being used as a concrete form. A gust of wind knocked him off balance, and h e fell through an existing rusted opening in an original metal roof. He landed o n a concrete floor. He sustained a head injury, and he was killed.
struck_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on March 19, 2014, an employee had parked his truck at the facility for servicing. He had finished for the day, and was walking out to greet a cont ractor truck driver in the yard. He was standing between two contractor eighteen -wheel haul trucks, talking with the driver.  The driver of the other truck did not see him as he started to drive out.  According to the driver, the employee w as talking to another driver when the truck middle rib hit him, knocking him to the ground under the truck and was killed.  Then, the truck wheels ran over him. The first driver had to yell at him to stop.
struck_fatal	At 12:08 p.m. on June 6, 2022, an employee was walking through the yard, looking for a container. A semi-truck was backing up and hit the employee. The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:45 a.m. on June 21, 2018, an employee and coworker were on a scissor lift ( JLG 2630S, Serial Number ES26N-052) installing drywall. The scissor lift, operat ed by the coworker, was next to three electrical conduit lines that were not con nected to power. As the coworker attempted to lower the scissor lift platform to continue work, the employee reached out and to physically move one of the condu it lines that were blocking the scissor lifts movement. As the employee kept the conduit out of the way with his hand, the coworker continued to lower the sciss or lift. The employee was unable to react quickly enough to move his hand out of the way of the descending platform and his left middle finger was caught betwee n the scissor lift rail and the conduit. As a result, the employee's left middle finger was pinched between the two objects and amputated.  The employee was hos pitalized.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on December 23, 2016, an employee was stripping titan slab formwork from an aluminum forms system. The employee fell while working at the edge of a shaft which was protected by guardrail but somehow the employee fell in spite o f this.  The employee was killed from blunt injuries to head, neck and torso.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in framing work on the roof of a new two-story residential stru cture.  He was operating a Skilsaw SPT77WM(L) power saw to make a 20 degree rip cut in a roof joist.  The saw kicked back and the blade struck and amputated his thumb.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the thumb amputation.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:51 p.m. on June 13, 2019, an employee was cutting limbs with a chain saw from a tree on the ground.  The employee was struck by the excavator .  The employee sustained a fractured vertebrae and was hospitalized to treat th ese injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:40 a.m. on April 23, 2019, Employee #1, his supervisor, and two other cowo rkers were engaged in demolition work at a multifamily residential building.  Th ey were removing 400 to 700 pound cast iron boiler sections from the basement me chanical room using nylon straps and a Toyota Model 8FGU30 forklift equipped wit h a job-made boom attachment.  The supervisor was called to an emergency service call and told the other three employees to stand down.  However, the three rema ining employees continued on with removal of the last section.  The boiler secti on became wedged in the exit from the boiler room.  Employee #1 kicked the secti on, and it moved suddenly, catching his right hand between the section and a woo d piling inside the boiler room.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital an d admitted for treatment of a fractured hand.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:53 a.m. on September 23, 2005, Employee #1, of Dawalt Tile, was working in a seventh-floor condominium in San Diego, CA. He was using a Pro Series electric saw to cut some numbers out of 1 in. wide blue tape on a wall. The blade skipped and Employee #1 suffered a 12 in. gash in his left forearm that reached the bone and severed an artery. A coworker came to his assistance, applied a tourniquet, and gave Employee #1 first aid. Paramedics transported Employee #1 to UCSD Medical Center, where he was admitted for treatment and surgery. At the time of the accident, the manager was getting supplies and was not at the construction site.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10.45 a.m. on June 28, 2011, Employee #1 was working on a utility pole checking for a malfunction that caused a power outage. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:45 p.m. on June 27, 2017, Employee #1 was using a portable ja ckhammer to chip around pins in the concrete steps. As the employee was chipping the concrete in the area around a pin, the stairway system shifted and collapse d. The employee fell a distance of approximately 15 ft onto a concrete floor. Se ctions of the precast stairs then fell on his legs. Employee #1 sustained a righ t leg fracture from the knee down, abrasions on his right thigh, chipped front t eeth and neck pain. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he re ceived treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On March 14, 2014, Employee #1, a construction helper employed by a contractor doing business as Full Service Scaffold, was engaged in erecting a scaffold as part of an exterior painting project at a residential building. Employee #1's hand came into contact with overhead high-voltage power lines. Employee #1 was electrocuted. This fatality was investigated by Cal/OSHA.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:40 p.m. on December 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a power company, was working at a multiemployer construction site for a multifamily residential struc ture.  He entered an excavation to cut a 16 kilovolt electrical power line.  The high-voltage line re-energized, and an arc flash shocked and burned Employee #1 .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al.  He was admitted and treated for third degree burns to his right arm and han d.
struck_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on August 28, 2015, an employee was feeding a hose over the edge of a fourth floor picture window opening. The employee slipped on trash that was p iled up, due to poor housekeeping, near the opening and broke through a guardrai l. The employee fell 39 feet and was killed. He struck his head on the ground af ter the fall.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 20, 2021, an employee, a maintenance technician, was w orking on the higher tier of a two-level flat roof at a residential jobsite and was stepping onto the extension ladder to access the lower flat roof.   The empl oyee and a coworker were painting the stucco on a chimney and were using extensi ons ladders for access. The ladder slipped out from underneath him, and he tried to hang onto the edge of the higher flat roof before falling onto the ladder, l anding on his back and hitting his head.  The employee was hospitalized to treat a fracture to the lumbar vertebra. Factors that caused the injury include the l adder not being placed as to prevent slipping, or tied, blocked, held, or otherw ise secured to prevent slipping. As a result of the investigation the employer w as cited under T8 CCR 3276(e)(9) for not having the extension ladder placed in a matter that prevented it from slipping.  The employer was a Homeowner Associat ion where employees were engaged in general maintenance. The property is a tempo rary jobsite, a two-story condo in a coastal community with two sections of the roof being flat with a parapet wall.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on December 4, 2015, an employee was installing roof decking on a f lat roof by carrying and placing decking material in location where it was to be nailed to rafters.  Rafters were on 24-in. centers 19-ft 6-in. above a courtyar d. The employee removed a sheet of unsecured roof decking because it had a damag ed corner.  In the process of moving the sheet, the employee fell from the deck to the concrete floor of the courtyard and sustained head injuries. The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a job site.  He was attempting to pull a pipe from the near bot tom of a palletized skid by attaching a rope from the crane outrigger to the pip e.  The outrigger retracted into the housing pocket, and Employee #1's left hand was caught and crushed between the pocket and the outrigger mechanism.  Emergen cy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He wa s admitted, and his hand was treated.  The investigation report referenced an am putation.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on March 20, 2018, Employee #1, a foreman, was working with his roo fing crew, tearing off an existing roof of an apartment complex. The crew was us ing hand tools (shovels, pitch fork, wheelbarrow, and steel pry bar) to tear off the roof.  Employee #1 used an extension ladder to access the top of the carpor t. As Employee #1 walked across the carport roof, the roof material gave way ben eath him, and he fell eight feet to the concrete surface below. As Employee #1 f ell through the carport, he struck his head against the roof, and then on the co ncrete surface below.  At the time of the event, Employee #1 was wearing a hard hat. Employee #1 was transported to a nearby medical center where he was treated ; however, died seven days later.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 a.m. on July 24, 2015, Employee #1, part of a five-man crew, was dispatc hed to a rural site to repair a transmission hold down structure. The crew place d two pole trucks in position to provide support for the two sagging hold down p oles in order to begin the repair process. A third truck was placed in close pro ximity to raise a bucket with the employees in it, to remove the cross brace and insulators. Shortly after the center brace was removed, one of the poles was re leased by the pole clamp and fell over, striking Employee #1 on his head and sho ulders, killing him.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on May 23, 2018, an employee was performing maintenance on an M-Ga tor ATV. The dump bed fell on the employee while working on the engine. The empl oyee sustained head trauma and died.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a weatherproofing instal lation company, was working on the roof of a one-story commercial building.  The employee fell.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, wh ere he was admitted and treated for unspecified fall-related injuries.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on September 19, 2016, an employee was standing on a ladder jack s caffold and one of the support ladders collapsed. The employee sustained contusi on to head and multiple body parts ground and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on July 13, 2017, Employee #1 and coworkers were unl oading pipe racks and drill collars from the trailer of a semi-truck. When the e mployees were about to begin unloading everything, they released the straps and took the guards off the trailer. Because the pipe racks were placed on top of th e drill collars, the pipe racks were then lifted so that the straps could be rem oved.  When the pipe racks were lifted, the load shifted and the equipment began to roll off the side of the trailer, resulting in one of the pipe racks falling on Employee #1's leg. His leg was so badly injured that doctors decided to ampu tate his lower leg. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he wa s hospitalized for treatment, including the lower leg amputation and post-operat ive care and then released.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:31 p.m. on September 7, 2017, an employee was sitting in the cab of his ve hicle while being loaded by a crane with materials being offloaded from a cargo ship. After pulling away from the dock to offload the material at a different lo cation within the terminal, he collided with another vehicle. Soon after the emp loyee complained of chest pain.
electrocution_fatal	On October 14, 2008, Employee #1, a welder, was operating an aerial lift at the Citgo terminal in Louisville, Kentucky. While positioning the lift for work on a tank Number 10, Employee #1 apparently contacted a 161-kv electric transmission line, and was electrocuted. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at 2:50 p.m. on October 14, 2008.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 14, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was w orking on the construction of a two-story residential structure.  He was perform ing roof sheeting activities from a scaffold when he fell, a fall height of appr oximately 20 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of injuries that included multiple fracture d ribs and injuries to his shoulder and wrist.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 p.m. on August 15, 2107, an employee was operating a turkey loader onto a truck and the loader seemed to be having problems.  The employee attempted to enter the turkey loaders cab but there was not enough room for both the employe e and a coworker.  The employee fell from the turkey loader and suffered a fract ured skull.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on November 1, 2021, an employee was delivering products to custome rs and had arrived overnight and was waiting at the dock. The customer arrived a nd knocked on the sleeper cab indicating he was ready to receive the load. The e mployee drove the truck and trailer forward approximately 15 feet so that the tr ailer doors could be opened. The customer was opening the passenger side door wh ile the driver was opening the driver's side door simultaneously. When the door opened, it swung out forcefully and struck the employee on the forehead. The emp loyee was knocked unconscious, fell backwards, and struck the back of his head o n the asphalt. Three boilers, each weighing 222 pounds each fell out of the trai ler but did not strike the employee. The  boilers had tipped in transit and were likely pressing up against the trailer door which caused the door to forcefully open. The customer called for emergency services and began first aid and CPR on the employee.  Emergency response personnel arrived and transported the employe e to a local area hospital, where he died one month later.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 26, 2022, an employee set a package of shingles down on the ridge of a roof. At some point, the employee slipped and fell approximately eleven feet and was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on February 20, 2012, Employee #1 was tossing bundles of rebar into a foundation excavation. While tossing a bundle of rebar into an excavation, the rebar caught on the employee's sweat shirt and pulled him into t he excavation.  Employee #1 fell onto a steel concrete form stake and was killed at the scene. Employee #1 was impaled through the face by a steel concrete form stake.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 11, 2018, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician employ ed by an electrical services company, was preparing to install wiring for new he aters at a commercial greenhouse.  He was operating a cordless drill with a step drill bit to drill a hole in the back of a metal trough connected to the 600 am p, 120 volt/208 volt 3-phase electrical panel that was to supply power to the he aters.  A short circuit occurred inside the electrical panel, which caused an ar c flash and fireball.  Employee #1 was burned.  Emergency services transported t he employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for second and th ird degree burns to his hands and the right side of his stomach.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 5, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was installing a metal roof on a residence.  A metal roof panel made contact with t he overhead electric power line, and the employee sustained an electric shock. The employee fell from the roof, a fall height of approximately 31 feet.  He wa s transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of injuries t hat included electric shock burns and back injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on May 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s clearing debris on the roof of a residential structure.  As he walked toward t he ladder to climb down from the roof, he stepped on a nail, lost his balance, a nd fell off the roof.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, an d treated for a fractured left ankle and contusions to his ribs and back.  His a nkle required surgery, and following surgery he developed an infection.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on February 22, 2017, an employee was working from an 8 foot A-fram e ladder to replace a gutter on a residential structure.  As he was descending t he ladder, he lost his footing and fell to the ground. The employee hit his head and back on the ground and was knocked unconscious. The employee was hospitaliz ed and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on May 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services co ntractor, was working on the second floor of a commercial building.  He was doin g electrical wiring work.  As he tested a conduit wire in preparation for shavin g it and putting a wire nut on it, and the conduit wire became energized.  The w ire was operating at 277 volts, single phase.  Employee #1 sustained an electric al shock and burns to his left arm and the palm of his left hand.  Emergency ser vices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admi tted and treated for electrical burns to his left arm and hand.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:50 a.m. on August 22, 2012, Employee #1 was involved with hi ghway milling and re-paving operations on an interstate road. He was assisting t wo coworkers in servicing a milling machine that was temporarily out of service. While the employees were working, a driver of a van on the interstate slightly hit the backside of a vehicle that was in front of him. The driver veered off to the right lane closure into the closed exit lane, where the employees were work ing on the parked milling machine. Employee #1's leg was struck by the out of c ontrol vehicle and pinned against the milling machine. His leg also was almost a mputated on impact, but was severely damaged and was bleeding heavily. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, where he underwent medical care, but later die d from his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on May 19, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s engaged in roofing repairs on the roof of a three-story commercial building. He was walking to another area of the roof when he stepped on rotting Tectum dec king material and fell through.  The employee was transported to the hospital an d admitted for treatment of unspecified multiple injuries.
struck_fatal	At 8:15 a.m. on May 11, 2016, an employee operated a forklift to remove a traile r from the crane mat. The forklift overturned and fell on employee. The employee was killed from the accident.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on December 26, 2018, two employees were repairing a roof and move d an aluminum extension ladder when it came into contact with a C phase of an el ectric system operating at 7,600 phase to ground.  One of the employees was elec trocuted when the ladder came into contact with the overhead power lines.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:20 p.m. on April 3, 2017, an employee and two coworkers were in the process of removing traffic control cones/barrels. The employee was park ed alone in a pickup truck on/near shoulder of an on ramp. Two coworkers were be hind the truck removing cones/barrels to the side of the road.  All of a sudden, the employee started moving in reverse at high rate of speed, crossed the on ra mp and the closed lane and into oncoming traffic in the open lane resulting in a wreck which killed the employee.  A possible medical condition may have initiat ed the accident.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:09 pm, on August 1, 2011, Employee #1 of Ansco & Associates, LLC., was electrocuted. The crew was installing wooden power/communication poles that were 45 feet tall. The crew was using a digger derrick to install the poles. Employee #1 was on the ground helping to guide the digger derrick operator, as the operator unclamped the pole guides and began to boom in to release the pole. At some point the metal pole guides came in contact with the energized 14.4 KV primary line, causing the digger derrick and connected pole trailer to become energized. Employee #1 was in contact with the trailer and was burned and electrocuted. EMS was called and Employee #1 was transported to the nearest hospital where he was pronounced dead upon arrival.
caught_fatal	On February 17, 2010, Employee #1 was working as a delivery driver for the Duncan Oil Company. He had been performing this job for ten years. He was refilling aboveground fuel oil tanks from a tank truck. Security surveillance tapes showed that when Employee #1 walked to the side of the tank truck and bent over, his coat was caught in the truck's power take-off shaft (PTO). Employee #1 extracted himself after six minutes, when the clothing on his upper torso had been pulled off. He was able to turn the truck off and to disengage the clutch to the PTO at the back of the truck. This latter action stopped the pump, so that the gasoline would not overflow. He was found thirty feet behind the truck, apparently attempting to get to a nearby house when he collapsed. Employee #1 died of multiple blunt force traumas, with degloving injuries to his right arm and left armpit, deep soft tissue injuries, a number of broken ribs, lacerations to the left lung, and loss of blood.
fall_fatal	At 1:50 p.m. on April 8, 2016, a worker was lifting an aluminum walk board that was being used as a concrete form. A gust of wind knocked him off balance, and h e fell through an existing rusted opening in an original metal roof. He landed o n a concrete floor. He sustained a head injury, and he was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in carpentry work at a multiemployer construction project, a one- story residential structure.  He was operating an electric circular saw, a 7-inc h Skilsaw Model Number SPT77WM, and performing rip cuts to wood two by fours.  T he saw kicked back, and the blade made contact with Employee #1's left hand ring finger.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the partial amputation of his finger .
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 19, 2016, Employee #1 was working on the roof and he des cended on the roof and went to the rear back tire of a Caterpillar TH360B teleha ndler forklift, to relieve himself. The forklift operator had disembarked to mak e minor adjustments on the forklift. After the operator made the adjustments, he returned to the forklift and put it in gear. The operator did not see Employee #1 at the rear back tire and ran over him. The employee was taken to a nearby ho spital but died.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 4, 2016, a supervisor and Employee #1 were using a forkl ift (make: Toyota; model: 7FGCU25; serial: 68596) to transport a wooden crate fi lled with plate glass from a warehouse to a loading dock. The crate measured 109 inches long by 30 inches wide by 63 inches high. As the supervisor operated the forklift, Employee #1 stood on its forks along with the crate to help stabilize the load. When they were close to the loading dock, where a flatbed truck was w aiting to receive the crate, the load shifted and fell forward onto Employee #1, pinning him between the crate and the ground. He suffered a fractured skull and a brain injury, resulting in his death.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 19, 2016, an employee installing roofing materials on a 20 foot by 12 foot pitched roof, fell to the ground and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 2:35 p.m. on February 23, 2017, Employee #1 was removing snow w ith a Tenco TCS-172A-LMM snow blower attached to a CAT 930G Loader. The blower c hute became obstructed and he exited the loader to clear the obstruction and the impeller struck his hand.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for amputation of three fingers.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on August 14, 2017, an employee was removing an old AC plenum and distributor.  The employee was shocked by a live wire and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On May 19, 2004, Employee #1, a maintenance employee, was using an argon-gas, single-phase, Miller Tig welder to weld a metal trough back onto a liver machine while standing in water. The welder voltage ranged from 110 volts to 230 volts. As he welded the liver machine, Employee #1 was electrocuted. Coworkers who heard Employee #1 scream and observed him fall backwards, immediately provided assistance by performing CPR. Emergency services were contacted and, upon their arrival, emergency personnel transported Employee #1 to Rockingham Memorial Hospital in Harrisonburg, VA, where he was determined to be dead.
caught_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on June 17, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was assisting his coworker, who was operating a drill and obtaining soil sample s. As they pulled the auger out of the hole and back onto the truck, Employee #1 was either bending over or kneeling down between the auger and the rear of the truck.  Employee #1's head became caught between the automatic safety hammer and the truck bed.  Employee # sustained a crushing injury and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 p.m. on August 5, 2020, an employee was driving a transport vehicle whe n a mechanical failure occurred in the rear of the truck. The employee pulled ov er and went to check the rear of the vehicle when the truck rolled backwards and struck him. The employee was also struck by oncoming vehicles and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on May 7, 2020, an employee was standing at the rear of the compan y truck. While standing near the rear of the company vehicle, another driver was driving a privately owned motor vehicle and veered off the road, striking the r ear of the employee.  The employee was crushed between both vehicles, killing th e employee.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 21, 2016, an employee was working on the edge of a roof t hat was under construction. While assisting with building up of the roof by appl ying multiple layers of material, he fell 33 feet to the ground. He suffered a s kull fracture and died. The incident investigation revealed that the worker was not wearing fall protection and was working outside the warning line that the em ployer had installed. No dedicated monitor or supervisor was present to ensure w orkers remained inside the boundary of the warning line.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 15, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a heatin g and plumbing company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a new one-story commercial building.  Employee #1 was installing a cast iron sewag e evacuation pipe in a Genie GR-20 Runabout, a single person scissor lift.  His coworker was using an acetylene torch and soldering a copper pipe nearby.  The a cetylene tank caught fire.  Employee #1, thinking the tank would explode, jumped from the scissor lift to escape.  He landed on the concrete surface, a fall hei ght of approximately 10 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admi tted, and treated for a fractured left knee.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on February 12, 2019, an employee was moving a 50 foot trailer load ed with plastic pallets from a staging area to a dock. The employee left the tru ck in order to open the trailer doors prior to pulling up to the dock when the e mployee discovered the right door was already open in the secured position. The employee released the latch on the left door unaware that unsecured pallets were resting against the door. The door flung open and the employee was struck on th e left lower leg by the pallets. He suffered complete breaks to his tibia and fi bia and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 6:19 p.m. on September 30, 2013, an employee was walking on a work platform i n order to begin his work shift.  A section of the work platform gave way and th e employee fell 16 feet, suffering fatal injuries to the head.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on May 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor, was engaged in power line work.  A bucket truck was used to lift him to the pow er lines.  Employee #1 grabbed a road phase line with his right hand while his l eft hand was in contact with a neutral line.  He sustained an electric shock of 7,620 volts.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of electrical burns to both hands, arms, and chest .  His left arm required medical amputation half-way up the forearm.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 4 2003, Employee #1, of J & S Glazing, was using a 40 ft JLG 400S arial lift truck to install windows at the site of a new two-story commercial building. The operator moved the bucket too close to the 12,000-volt overhead power line and it contacted one of the phase conductors. Employee #1 received an electric shock and sustained burns to both arms, internal injuries, and damage to his eyesight.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a multiemployer construction site.  He was operating a saw when the saw became caught on the material being cut.  Employee #1's hand came into contact with the saw's blade.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for lacerations and a puncture wound to his right hand and forearm.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:50 a.m. on July 16, 2022, an employee was closing an overhead door adjacent to a welding station at a fabricated metal manufacturing facility. A portable e lectric fan mounted on a pedestal was plugged into a wall receptacle at the over head door. Coworkers noticed several minutes later than the employee was sitting on a crate at the overhead door and his left arm was in contact with the portab le fan. When a coworker attempted to close the overhead door and moved the porta ble electric fan, he noticed an electric arc when contact between the fan and th e employee's arm was broken. A coworker initiated CPR and requested medical assi stance. The employee was transported to the local hospital where he died from th e electric shock injuries. It was determined that the portable cord run through a wire way hole was exposed to a sharp edge which cut the wire sheath and insult ation and exposed the bare conductor. The attachment plug was also missing the g round pin.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:15 p.m. on November 2, 2006, Employee #1, was moving a 25-foot 8-inch long aluminum gutter on the side of a building, and when it contacted a 7,620-volt overhead power line.  Employee #1 was standing on an aluminum ladder while helping to install the gutter at a height of 28-feet. Employee #1 was electrocuted. The power line was 26 feet high where the contact was made, and 11 feet 8 inches from the side of the building. Employee #1 was working for A-One Seamless Gutters.
electrocution_fatal	On October 3, 2003, Employee #1, a welder, was working on a job at Blommer's Chocolate. His supervisor had brought a stick welder, but it had the wrong plug. The supervisor and Employee #1 decided to switch plugs with a wire welder they had been using for the past week even thought the plug on it did not fit or mesh properly. Employee #1 was removing the plug when he was electrocuted. Apparently, Employee #1 thought he was removing the plug on the welder, but instead he had removed the cover from a receptacle on the extension cord.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on March 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in interior carpentry at a three-story commercial building project .  He was operating a Skilsaw Model SPT77WML Circular Saw, Serial Number 7010029 88, to rip wooden boards for interior framing.  The power saw's running blades c ame into contact with his left hand, and three fingers were amputated.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitte d, and treated for the finger amputations.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on March 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a steel construction co mpany, was working at a multiemployer heavy construction building project.  He w as preparing to climb up a reinforcing steel wall that was being hoisted by a no n-rated spreader bar.  The rigging failed, and the steel wall fell onto Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hos pital.  He was admitted and treated for serious back and leg injuries.
caught_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on February 16, 2015, an employee was cleaning the inside of a silo filled with wash sand.  The employee was using a chipping hammer to un-cake san d inside the silo.  The employee became engulfed in the sand and experienced asp hyxiation.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on  August 20, 2018, Employee #1 was performing roofing work durin g a commercial construction project and while removing nails from the roof, Empl oyee #1 accidentally fell a distance of 17 feet, from the roof to the ground.  A fterwards, Employee #1 then sustained several broken bones, as a result of the f all.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 28, 2017, an employee was walking on a 3:12 pitch roof.  Th e employee lost his balance, and fell to the ground below and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 28, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a roofing contractor, were loading roofing insulation material onto the south-side upper r oof of a large one-story industrial building that was being constructed.  Two we eks earlier, employees of another employer had made six openings in this area of the roof, cutouts for later installation of a Greenheck Model GRSI-42 Typ-6 exh aust fan system.  These openings had 13-inch high curbs and were covered with 20 -gauge sheet metal secured with three 1.5-inch screws on each side.  On May 28, 2019, Employee #1 fell through the sheet metal covering one of the openings, a f all height of 31 feet, and struck a concrete slab.  Emergency services transport ed the employee to the hospital, where he remained for 50 days.  His injuries in cluded a traumatic brain injury, numerous facial and skull fractures, fractured ribs, C1-2 vertebral fracture, and fractures to both arms and left leg.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on August 20, 2016, Employee #1 was inside a wooden debris box and elevated by a forklift to 20 feet and  2 inches. The employee was handing roofin g materials to a coworker on the roof. Employee #1 unloaded the roofing material s from one end of the wooden debris box and it became unbalanced causing it to t ilt and fall with Employee #1 from the forklift. The wooden debris box struck Em ployee #1 and the employee suffered blunt trauma to the head and body and was ki lled.
fall_nonfatal	At 04:30 p.m. on February 23, 2022, an employee was moving pallets of inventory while unloading a truck with a forklift. The truck suddenly left the dock causin g the forklift to fall between the gap from the dock and truck. The employee fel l to the ground hitting the head, resulting in a laceration and concussion. The employee was admitted and treated at the hospital for injuries sustained.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on October 9, 2014, an employee, who was employed for approximately seven years, was walking back and forth on a truck full of mulch, smoothing out the top and cleaning the rail of the trailer to prepare to roll the tarp over t he mulch which prevents flying particles during transport. The East Unloader tra iler was approximately 13 feet tall. The work was done outside in a parking lot and the weather conditions were overcast with no precipitation. As the employee walked back to the end of the trailer, the employee stopped and then fell off th e back side of the trailer to a concrete surface. The employee sustained blunt f orce trauma to the head and trunk and died. A coworker from a nearby constructio n site witnessed the fall.
struck_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on April 21, 2022, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were working in bot tom of a trench connecting 6-inch conduit. The trench was 2 feet wide with verti cal walls adjacent to sandy previously excavated soil. The trench depth was 4 fe et to 6 feet. A full wall slab collapsed on the workers and covering their lower bodies. Employee #1 was killed due to being crushed and asphyxiated. Employee # 2 was injured and was treated without hospitalization. The nature of the injury was not indicated in the original narrative.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on October 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s working on the flat roof of a school administration building.  He was pulling off old tarp paper.  Employee #1 removed the guard cover from a skylight.  As he walked backward while removing the roofing material, he fell onto the skylight. The skylight broke, and Employee #1 fell through the skylight and struck a clo thing rack 11 feet below.  He then fell an additional 6 feet and hit the buildin g's concrete deck.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transpor ted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple rib fractures, a head laceration, and a concussion.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on April 22, 2021, an employee worked to install an asphalt ridge c ap. The employee fell approximately fourteen feet and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on September 10, 2018, an employee was conducting roofing repairs o n a single-family home. The employee removed approximately fifty clay roof tiles and began to lay down new roofing paper. At some point, the employee slipped, t ripped, and fell ten feet off of the roof. The employee received fractures to hi s left wrist, ankle, and tibia (lower leg) and was hospitalized for fifteen days .
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 8, 2018, an employee was replacing a plunger piece and pinched his hand between the plunger and piston.  The employee amputated three m iddle fingers and his thumb on his left hand.
struck_fatal	At 11:52 a.m. on March 31, 2105, an employee was unloading paint from a job made trash box (scaffold standard) attached to rough terrain forklift forks that wer e elevated approximately 36 feet.  The box became unstable due to a weight shift of the load, tipped and fell with the employee inside.  The employee was killed on impact due to traumatic internal injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:15 a.m. on August 3, 2018, an employee was employee was cutting and capping energized cable when he made contact with the live ends.  The employee received an electric shock and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on October 19, 2004, Employee #1, a plumber, was using an 8 ft tall stepladder to install the housing for a fan at a home construction site. His arm brushed against the metal edge of the housing, causing him to lose his balance and fall. He suffered only minor injuries. The fall may have been caused by a mild electric shock, although the home did not have electricity at the time of the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on February 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a roof replacement project at a residence.  He was found unco nscious on the ground, with gutter damage indicating he fell from an elevated po sition.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to a ho spital.  He then was transferred to another hospital, where he was admitted and treated.  The investigation report indicates that Employee #1 incurred a fractur e.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on June 19, 2017, Employee #1 was collecting waste m aterial from a roof and throwing the waste down into a dumpster on the ground. A s he worked, Employee #1 stepped on an electrical cord and/or air hose that was laying on the roof surface, which caused him to lose his footing and fall from t he roof. He struck the ground and suffered multiple torso vertebrae fractures. E mployee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 19, 2017, an employee was working from the basket of a buc ket truck to upgrade a conductor and pole. The truck was located near a 7.6kv si ngle phase primary leg line of a 13,200 volt system.  As the employee was holdin g a ground wire with his bare hand, his right shoulder touched the live power li ne and he was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 1:59 a.m. on January 25, 2019, an employee was plowing snow and spreading sal t while operating a 1993 International 4900 Series Truck, which was equipped wit h a Flink Salt Spreader.  The employee left the truck with it running and was st anding near the salt spreader.  The employee caught his clothing on the salt spr eader and was asphyxiated.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 8:05 a.m. on June 16, 2006, Employees #1 and #2 were working at a facility that was a warehouse. A wine bottling line was being installed. The two employees were using a Snorkel S1930 Scissor Lift at a platform height of 18.7 feet. The employees worked for Amteck of Kentucky Inc., an electrical contractor. They were guiding 480 volt, 3-phase wiring into a ceiling-mounted conduit that was installed at a height of 22 ft. Wiring was being pulled over the siderail of the lift, which caused the lift to overturn. Employee #1 suffered head trauma and was killed. Employee #2 was hospitalized with a fractured pelvis.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 28, 2003, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was working on an energized electric meter at a commercial building. It was his second trip to the site, and he was finishing setting up a new meter box. During his first trip, he had de-energized the panel and set the box. On this second trip, he noticed that the meter was not correctly set and he decided to try and correct it even though he knew that the meter was energized. Employee #1 was working when his hand touched an energized electrical pole and the ground side of the meter box with his hand. He sustained a severe electrical shock and burns to both of his hands, for which he was hospitalized. Employee #1 was aware that his actions were against company safety procedures.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on January 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete constructi on company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story com mercial building.  He was on the second floor and engaged in installing a concre te deck when he fell through a floor hole that was covered with foam board, a fa ll height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was trans ported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fractures to both wrists and m ultiple vertebrae.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on June 6, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an excava tion and environmental services company, were installing sanitary pipe at the si te of a new residential structure.  They were inside a trench, and Employee #1 w as showing his coworker how to bevel the end of a pipe.  An aluminum trench box was sitting on the ground next to the trench.  The trench box began to fall.  Th e coworker was able to move out of the way, but Employee #1 was struck and trapp ed under the falling box.  His coworker helped him move from under the box.  Eme rgency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted a nd treated for a fractured hip.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on February 5, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y in the oil and gas pipeline industry, was installing chocks as part of a new p ipeline installation.  A pipe casing rolled onto the employee, causing multiple contusions.  Employee #1 received treatment for his injuries but was not hospita lized.
caught_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on May 21, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a drilling company, were working to install bridge caissons for a decommissioned bridge. The coworker was operating a Caterpillar 330 BL Excavator, and Employee #1 was o n the ground.  Employee #1 was pinned and crushed between the excavator and a co ncrete Jersey barrier.  Emergency services transported him to the hospital, wher e he died on May 23, 2019.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 15, 2015, an employee and a coworker were removing pitc h pans on an air-conditioning unit located on a roof. The coworker went off the roof to get tools and other equipment and found the employee who had fallen thro ugh the roof.  The employee suffered from blunt force trauma to the head, neck, and trunk and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	A journeyman power line worker was replacing insulators on a 230-kilovolt overhead power line with the assistance an apprentice power line worker. The journeyman was on a 3.7-meter-long Epoxiglas hook ladder (Hubbell-A. B. Chance Catalog No. #H4904-12), which was suspended from the truss of the top arm of the tower supporting the power line. After completing the work, he removed the grounding cables and gave them to the apprentice. As the journeyman was descending the fiberglass ladder, he contacted the power line, which was energized by induced current. The employee sustained an electric shock and fell off the ladder, flipping upside down suspended from his harness. He remained suspended this way for more than 30 minutes. The apprentice climbed the tower and administered cardio-pulmonary resuscitation to his injured coworker. The supervisor relieved the apprentice, who apparently moved away and also contacted energized parts. The apprentice sustained an electric shock and burns. The journeyman was pronounced dead of electrocution just after arriving at the hospital. The apprentice was hospitalized for treatment of his burns and for observation.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 10, 2021, an employee prepared to layout floor joists. As one of the joists was lifted into place, it struck a cinder block wall. The w all collapsed onto the employee, who received blunt force trauma to the torso an d was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on August 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing activity at an existing two-story multifamily residential st ructure.  He was installing insulation to the second floor sub-roof when he took a step backward, fell onto the ladder jack scaffold, and then continued falling to the concrete floor.  The employee sustained fatal injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 30, 2018, an employee was holding a utility pole when it contacted a power line.  The employee received an electric shock and was hospita lized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an oilfield services comp any, was working at a job site.  He was operating a pressure blaster to blast th e outside surface of a 16-inch pipe.  A shovel was on the other side of the pipe .  Employee #1, while operating the pressure blaster, reached across the pipe to move the shovel.  His arm came within the field of the blast.  Emergency servic es were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitte d and treated for a skin abrasion injury to his arm.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on June 14, 2018, Employee #1 and Employee #2, a night shift superv isor, were hooking up a dual axle dump trailer to a pick up truck along the righ t side of a traffic lane closure. Their coworkers were engaged in setting steel barriers in place for the lane closure. A northbound vehicle lost control and st ruck the attenuator vehicle along the right side of the roadway and rolled over, striking Employee #1 along the drivers side of the pickup. Employee #1 was wear ing a class II high visibility work vest during night time operations, without h igh visibility reflective pants. Employee #1 was killed by the vehicle which str uck him. Employee #2 was hospitalized for his injuries.
caught_fatal	At approximately 2:56 p.m. on February 1, 2013, Employee #1 was caught between t wo trucks when one backed up and into him.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on February 13, 2019, an employee was gathering tools and securing compressors when they tripped over a 16 to 18 inch curb into a 37.5 foot whole o n to the concrete floor bellow. The fall resulted in multiple fatal blunt force trauma injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:25 p.m. on July 2, 2018, an employee was operating a tractor inside a green house and was entering a second row when it rolled over.  The employee was caugh t by the tractor as it rolled and fractured his pelvis while sustaining a burn t o his right leg.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on March 23, 2018, an employee was helping with moving a dumpster that was wedged when his hand was caught between the container and truck forks. The employee crushed and amputated his finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on July 19, 2019, an employee signaled the crane operator to lift a nacelle panel to move it out of the way. As the crane operator swung the nacel le panel, it struck the employee, who was then caught between the nacelle and a stanchion. The employee was hospitalized to treat rib fractures.
struck_nonfatal	On September 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was enga ged in renovation work at a commercial building.  A machine ran over his foot. The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for amputati on of the foot.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on December 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as on the roof of a one-story commercial building and preparing to begin work. He fell through a skylight.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to his spine and hand.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on April 15, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a steel fabrication and erection company, was engaged in painting at a water/sewer treatment plant.  He was using a boatswain's chair and preparing to paint welds inside a water tank bowl.  Employee #1 fell to the concrete surface, a fall height of 35 feet, and w as killed.
electrocution_fatal	On May 22, 2002, Employee #1 was cutting a "jumper" between two energized lines. After cutting the line, he contacted the loose end of the line and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on February 7, 2019, an employee was removing a hydraulic rod from a pressurized cylinder when pressure was released and he was struck in the ches t by the rod, killing him.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in roofing work at a one-story residential building.  As he insta lled Tiger Paw synthetic felt underlayment onto the 8 to 12 pitch roof, he fell, a fall height of 11 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for back, hip, and sho ulder sprains.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 5:25 a.m. on February 4, 2019, an employee was dumping waste ho pper with a forklift used a hand to provide leverage on the handle to release th e hopper hand.  The employee was caught between fork attachment and bottom of ho pper amputation with a crushing action of fork and hopper metal coming together. The employee was hospitalized for these injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 28, 2018, four employees at a consulting company were rem oving and assembling zinc plates on the framework of the structure of a house. A t approximately 1:00 p.m., one of the employees suffered an electric shock when the zinc made contact with a nail that in turn made contact with a power cord of 120 volts.  The employee died after receiving the electric shock.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:46 a.m. on August 29, 2018, an employee was walking when a dolly came down a ramp, hit a pole and struck him on his leg, crushing it.  The employee was hos pitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 15, 2020, an employee was assembling a mobile scaffold when the scaffold tipped over caused the employee to fall onto the deck of the s hip. The employee incurred fractures to both legs and his spine and was hospital ized.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 p.m. on October 11, 2021, Employee #1 parked his personal vehicle next to a truck, which had been unhooked from the milk trailer, to remove and transfe r his personal belongings from the passenger side of the truck to his personal v ehicle. The door on the passenger side was open.  Employee #1 fell backward from the inside, from either the truck cab floor area (49 inches) or the first step (32 inches) to the cement parking lot below, as he stepped down from the truck t o get off/out of the truck to transfer his personal belongings to his personal v ehicle. The employee was killed due to a head injury and loss of consciousness.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 a.m. on July 23, 2017, an employee was working for a supermarket chain. He and a coworker were about to team lift something. They were using a pallet ja ck. When the pallet jack was moved during the lift, it rolled back into the path of the employee. He tripped on the pallet jack and fell backward. He struck his head on a cooler. He was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on July 20, 2017, an employee was installing felt paper onto a roof .  The employee stepped onto a plank that was set as  a cantilever and fell to a concrete slab below. The employee suffered multiple injuries that resulted in h is death.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was loading tools on a truck.  As he jumped from the truck, his foot caught, an d he fell and struck the concrete surface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 12, 2018, Employee #1, a supervisor employed by a roofing company, was working on the roof of a two-story residential structure.  He was m easuring the roof when he slipped and fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and tr eated for fractures to both heels.
struck_fatal	At 1:10 p.m. on March 8, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a commercial constructio n company, was working at a shoreline development project.  He was operating a t ractor that was pulling a 30-ton dump wagon along a dirt haul road.  The tractor went off the road, and the employee was ejected from the cab.  He then was run over, either by the tractor, the wagon, or both.  The tractor seat belt was inta ct and not broken by the ejection.  Employee #1 sustained massive blood loss and physical trauma and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:25 p.m. on August 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a two-story multifamily residential structure.  He was working f rom an aluminum extension ladder and replacing galvanized steel gutter downspout s when his hands made contact with live overhead high voltage lines.  He fell fr om the ladder, a fall height of 10 feet.  Employee #1, who sustained head injuri es and electrical burns to both hands, was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a framing constructi on company, was working at a multiemployer construction project for a commercial building.  He was setting heavy wooden roof trusses.  As he detached his fall p rotection anchor point from one truss to attach it to another truss, he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractured ribs, a fractured leg, and a ruptured spleen.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on April 7, 2014, Employee #1, an Electrical and Electronic Technician employed by an electrical service company, was working at a residential building site. He was pulling wire as part of an equipment installation in the attic above the building's garage. Employee #1 fell through the ceiling to the garage floor below. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a concussion. This event was investigated by Oregon OSHA.
caught_fatal	On December 28, 2010, Employee #1, a 60-year-old Caucasian male who had worked for over 20 years as a truck driver and service technician at a propane delivery company in Eagle River, WI, was delivering propane. He was a replacement for the regular driver, who had taken two days of vacation. Employee #1 had driven the same truck the previous day, without incident, and had delivered (in a different vehicle) to this customer previously. Therefore, he was somewhat familiar with the site. According to the Sheriff's department accident recreation, Employee #1 arrived at the property between 8:00 a.m. and 8:15 a.m., for an automatic delivery (no notification to the home owner). This was the first delivery scheduled for the day, and therefore, the truck was fully loaded. Employee #1 backed the truck up the driveway, which was sloped by approximately 30 degrees. He then moved forward approximately ten feet and applied the air brake and parking brake. Employee #1 then unrolled the delivery hose and walked around snow banks and rocks to the customer's receiving tank, adjacent to the house/garage, to begin filling. The driver unit was equipped with a remote pump control, which allowed the driver to stay at the tank area, watch the tank fill indicator, and shut off gas flow without returning to the truck. The air brakes were engaged and chocks were placed per company policy. Heavy snow covered the driveway area. As noted from deeply embedded tire tracks in the heavy snow cover on the driveway area, the truck began slipping down the hill at some point during the fill, with one back wheel in a fixed position and the other turning normally. The delivery hose was still attached but totally splayed out, which may have contributed to the slanted path of the truck. Employee #1 left footprints in the snow that showed he ran after the truck, while it was slipping downhill. He caught up with it and had reached inside to open the door and get into the cab, when the truck struck the garage at the base of the hill. The truck stopped after striking the garage face, at a distance of 85 feet from the start point. At approximately 8:30 a.m., Employee #1 was killed when crushed between the truck door and truck cab, as the sliding truck struck the garage structure. Cause of death was determined to be a crushing injury to the chest and mechanical asphyxiation. No one witnessed the accident. At 11:38 a.m., the home owner went outside, without knowing that a delivery was in progress. He observed the hose and truck in an unusual position, and when he investigated, he found Employee #1's body still trapped in the truck, between the frame and door. The engine and propane gas pump were still running. A witness assisting the homeowner entered on the passenger side and turned off the pump. The site tank was overfilled, but an over pressure safety device in the mechanism shunted propane back to the truck tank during the continuous overfill and prevented a potential leak and explosion. The regular driver stated that the truck had slipped on the snow/ice covering this driveway during previous deliveries. He explained that in warmer days following heavy snowfall, the truck tires carried heat from road friction and gradually melted packed snow to create an icy track, while the truck was parked. The truck was designed so that it carried a lot of weight forward. The homeowner stated that he had a flat area cleared lateral to the driveway, for the propane truck to park during deliveries, per driver request. However, the area was not used during this delivery. A space on the delivery ticket for additional comments, e.g., safety precautions, only had directions to the location. The truck involved in the accident was a 2001 Freightliner bobtail with three axles, 3,500-gallon propane capacity, and cab-over-axle design. Mechanical and pumping equipment were extensively refitted when the truck was transferred from the Minnesota facility to the current location in March 2010. The
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on April 17, 2012, an Employee #1, with Aerotek, Inc., was operating an electric pallet jack, driving at a high rate of speed. Employee #1 lost control and struck a guardrail, catching his right foot between the jack and the guardrail. His right foot was lacerated, and he was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in roofing activity at a two-story multifamily residential structure. He was attempting to install a fall protection anchor on top of the structure' s roof, which had a pitch of 7:12.  The employee's feet became entangled in an a ir hose, and he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and tre ated for multiple fractured ribs, a fractured pelvis, and a collapsed lung.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 6, 2018, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a con struction company, were working at a multifamily residential building constructi on site.  Employee #1 was holding a sign post that needed to be placed in the gr ound.  Coworker #1 was operating a forklift that was being used to push the post into the ground.  The pin that helped hold the forks in place was missing, and the forks fell off the forklift and struck Employee #1.  Employee #1 fell to the ground.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries to his lips and back.
electrocution_fatal	On July 9, 2008, a construction foreman for Traylor Construction was familiarizing himself with the operation of a JLG Model 450A Series II articulating boom lift, when he backed up into a 7,200-volt power line. The lift became energized, and the foreman was electrocuted. The lift was approximately 27 feet high, at the time of the accident.
electrocution_fatal	On August 3, 2002, Employee #1 was hired as a subcontractor to perform plumbing work at a residence in Los Angeles, CA. At approximately 10:00 a.m., he and a coworker arrived at the house; the coworker went inside and Employee #1 prepared to began to work underneath it. His job required that he access fresh water plumbing via a crawl space that was entered through an opening at the back of the residence. He continued to work until about 7:30 p.m., when he called the contractor to request he purchase an additional part from Home Depot before it closed. The contractor arrived at the site around 8:00 p.m. to get some of the supply money he had given Employee #1. He then left and returned with the part at approximately 9:00 p.m. Employee #1 continued working, but at approximately 10:00 p.m. he complained to the contractor that the house was not grounded and that he was getting shocked. The contractor asked him to come out of the crawl space, but Employee #1 responded that he could see where it was that he was getting shocked, although he did not specify the area. Within a short time, Employee #1 was shocked a second time, with enough intensity that it caused him to bite his tongue. The contractor again urged him to come out, and he then went into the house to call the property owner. At this time the coworker who had been inside the residence came out to see what was happening. The contractor was speaking with the owner when the coworker returned to the house and told him that Employee #1 was not moving. The contractor ended the call and contacted Emergency Services, who instructed him to shut off the power to the house. Employee #1 was transported by paramedics to the Martin Luther King/Drew Medical Center in Los Angeles, where he was pronounced dead. The Los Angeles County Coroner's report indicated that the cause of death was consistent with electrocution. On September 24, 2002, an interview was conducted with the electrician who did electrical work on the property after the accident. He stated that the electrical system of the house was not grounded. The service supplying power to the house, which was fed from the meter box of a neighboring residence, was comprised of two energized lines and a neutral line, but no ground wire. Also, no grounding stake was found installed at the house. Underneath the house he found an approximately 10 ft long run of 3/8 in. flexible conduit (BX cable) that contained 18-gauge hot and neutral wires that were not terminated. The hot wire in this conduit was energized and found to be drawing current from a duplex receptacle in the kitchen. The conduit itself was cut off and the wires inside frayed, making contact with the conduit possible. This flexible metal conduit, whihc was not grounded, had been run through the floor and stapled to the floor joists approximately 2 ft from the newly installed copper plumbing. A grocery bag was also found tied around the conduit, holding up some Romex wiring. Arc spots on the conduit suggest it was probably the source of contact for Employee #1. Neither he nor the contractor held electrical contractor licenses.
caught_fatal	On May 4, 2012, an employee was caught between the rotating superstructure crawl er drill rig and the core barrell/spinner and was crushed. The employee sustaine d internal injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	On October 6, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multi-employer construction project for a new residential structure.  He w as using a SkyTrak Rough Terrain Forklift with a homemade platform basket and in stalling exterior siding.  The platform basket had no side rails, and the employ ee was not using a personal fall arrest system.  The employee walked backward on the platform and fell from the unguarded right side, a fall height of 17 feet. He hit his head on a concrete patio.  Emergency services transported the employ ee to the hospital, where he died of fall-related injuries two weeks later.
caught_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on August 28, 2018, an employee was waiting in his vehicle at the s hipping and receiving area of the company.  The employee jumped from the Vistar dock while trying to stop a vehicle that had moved on its own and was caught bet ween the UPS and Vistar trailers.  The employee had his head crushed and was kil led.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on February 18, 2022, an employee stood on a truss while working. At some point, the truss he stood on broke, and the employee fell. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat a leg (femur) fracture.
fall_nonfatal	On January 14, 2014, Employee #1, employed by One-Stop Firestop, Inc., was engaged in painting work at a multifamily housing construction site. He was trying to access the scaffold inside an elevator shaft. The wood railing gave way, and Employee #1 fell 15 feet to the ground. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for an injured shoulder and released without hospitalization. This event was investigated by Cal/OSHA.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 8, 2003, Employee #1 was a carpenter working for Capaz Construction in Cupertino, California. Employee #1 had been instructed by the foreman to cut 2-inch by 10-inch wooden boards to be used for framing. Employee #1 was using a worm drive Milwaukee Skil saw. Capaz Construction was doing a framing job for apartments. Employee #1 was an employee of Capaz Construction, and not a contractor. Employee #1 cut approximately 10 to 12 boards when the saw kicked back. Employee #1 injured his left ring and pinky fingers, amputating the tips of the fingers, and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	Employee #1 and two coworkers were painting the front of a building. They were moving a fully-extended 40 ft aluminum extension ladder along the front of the building when they lost control of the ladder and it contacted an overhead high-voltage power line. Employee #1 suffered an electric shock, sustaining injuries that required hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a job site.  He was walking alongside a concrete finishing m achine when he fell and grabbed the machine.  Employee #1's finger was amputated .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al, admitted, and treated for the amputation.
caught_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on May 21, 2021, an employee was caught between a forklift and truc k bed, received crushing injuries and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 5:18 p.m. on October 14, 2016, an employee was repairing the roof of an old m etal building by cleaning, cutting and adding flashing materials, and waterproof sealants. The employee was walking on the ridge of the metal building at a heig ht of about 15 feet and 3 inches when he fell through the fiberglass corrugated skylight and collided with a 10 foot long 2 by 4 piece of lumber which was part of the structure. The lumber was about 10 feet above the floor.  He landed on th e concrete floor and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 21, 2018, an employee was sweeping the floor while a cowor ker was washing the roof.  The employee's shoulder came into contact with a 2400 V energized electrical wire and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On December 28, 2004, Employee #1, a garbage truck driver, was assigned to collect a trash with a helper. He drove up into an alley on 3414 South Los Angeles, California and pushed away live wires dangling overhead. He was electrocuted and killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:36 p.m. on February 24, 2022, an employee and coworkers installed pieces of awing on a back patio. The coworkers worked from a mobile scaffold and the empl oyee used a twelve-foot A-frame ladder to install the awning. The employee hande d the coworkers an aluminum beam and climbed the ladder to assist with installat ion when a coworker dropped the beam which made a sound that startled the employ ee, who lost balance and fell approximately fifteen feet face first to the concr ete floor. The employee was unconscious, the employees called for emergency resp onse, and the employee was taken to the hospital by helicopter. The employee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the face, skull, and right wrist, two brain bleeds, damaged disks in the neck and back, and nerve damage to the chest.
caught_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on September 21, 2017, an employee was transporting a forklift by loading it onto a gooseneck trailer attached to a light industrial truck.  When the forklift was loaded on the trailer, the weight of the load began to push the entire rig, trailer and truck, forward, causing it to slide on the gravel surfa ce. The driver turned the wheels of the truck to try and stop the movement, whic h caused the trailer to jack-knife. As the trailer came around to the drivers si de, the driver attempted to escape the impact by jumping out of the truck throug h the driver's side, and was caught between the moving trailer with the load and the side of the truck.  The employee was crushed against the truck and killed.
electrocution_fatal	On October 12, 2016, an employee was preparing to rig a truss to be lifted. The crane and boom cable came in contact with the over-head power line and the emplo yee was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 30, 2021, an employee worked from an improvised, elevated platform to paint the ceiling above a staircase. At some point, the employee fe ll approximately ten feet from the platform and struck their head on the stairs. The employee was transported to the hospital to treat the head injuries, where the employee died.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 25, 2018, an employee was laying a tarp over some roofin g insulation on a roof. As the employee walked backwards to lay the tarp, he ste pped off of the roof and fell eleven feet. The employee was hospitalized with fr actures to his ribs and back and a ruptured spleen.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:25 p.m. on August 9, 2017, an employee was starting to weld a screen to a cab.  The employee tried to reposition the screen after it fell and the employee 's thumb was caught between a hole in the screen in the pusher arm, amputating t he tip of his thumb.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 1, 2016, a truck driver was found unconscious next to a sem i-truck trailer he had been loading. Emergency services were contacted and he wa s transported by helicopter to a nearby medical center where he died the next da y as a result of severe head trauma. The incident investigation revealed that th e truck driver had been securing loads on the trailer with ratchet tie-downs and fell from the trailer, striking his head on the concrete surface below.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new single-family resi dence.  He was inside a trench that was approximately 5 feet wide and ranged in depth from 7.25 feet to 9 feet.  Employee #1 was using a shovel to clear excess dirt and sand that had accumulated on the bottom of the trench after a rain.  As he worked, the pile of dirt above him, approximately 14 feet high by 8 feet wid e, caved-in and buried Employee #1 up to his hair.  Employee #1's coworkers and foreman rapidly extracted him from the cave-in.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated f or fractures to both legs.
struck_fatal	At 2:50 p.m. on October 4, 2016, an Employee was erecting an electrical pole wit h a light fixture. The light fixture fell on employee and the employee was kille d.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on May 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s repairing the roof of a residence.  The fascia board broke, and the employee f ell, a fall height of 8 feet, and struck the lawn.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured spine.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on December 2, 2021, an employee was putting parts in a jig to spot weld them together and had his hand on the parts to steady them when he hit the foot lever to close jig. The employee's finger was caught between the parts to be welded and the jig causing an amputation of his left middle fingertip. The em ployee was treated without hospitalization.
fall_fatal	"At approximately 8:30 a.m. on September 26, 2015, an employee and two coworkers were on the Q decking. They were removing Q decking approximately 16-ft above th e ground.	The workers were demolishing the decking and the container structure t hat was supported the Q decking. The employee fell off the Q decking and landed on the pavement below. The employee suffered from fractured head and was killed. "
fall_fatal	At 7:00 p.m. on April 20, 2021, an employee applied stain with a paintbrush to t he decorative exterior corbels of a building while standing on a twenty-eight fo ot extension ladder. At some point, the employee fell approximately eighteen fee t from the ladder and was killed by blunt force trauma to the head and neck.
struck_fatal	At 11:09 a.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1 and three coworkers, employed by a construction excavation contractor, were conducting disassembly operations on the boom of a Grove Truck Crane, Model HL150T.  All the workers were Certified C rane Operators (CCO), and the operator of the Grove Truck Crane was the supervis or for the operation.  Employee #1 was the operator of a boom  truck brought to the site to be used as an assist crane during the disassembly operation.  Employ ee #1 was standing on a concrete slab under the boom of the Grove Truck Crane. The crane was approximately 4 to 5 feet off the ground.  When Employee #1 remove d two bottom pins from a 25-footlong head section of the boom, the boom fell to the ground.  It struck and pinned Employee #1 against the concrete slab, causin g traumatic asphyxiation and blunt chest/abdominal injuries.  Employee #1 was ki lled.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on June 4, 2012, an employee was working in a trench, preparing the trench for a pipe bed. He was performing a regularly assigned task of removing soil and debris with a shovel. The trench collapsed. The employee was trapped. He suffered multiple rib fractures and a fractured arm. The employee was rescued and transported to UCLA Medical Center, where he was hospitalized. The Cal/OSHA Division was notified of the accident by the Los Angeles Fire Department at 3:50 p.m. on June 4, 2012. The Division initiated an inspection at 5:25 p.m. on June 4, 2012. The employee was employed by Prkacin Company, Glendale, California, a pipeline construction company. The investigation determined that the employee had been working at the job site for two months, performing the duties of a laborer. At the time of the accident, he was assigned to remove soil and broken pipe from the bottom of a trench measuring 21 feet deep by 25 feet long. Trench shields extended from top to bottom along most of the length of the trench, but the 4-foot section at the end of the trench was shielded only along the bottom 4 feet. The soil had sloughed away from the trench sides in the area of the 4-foot shield, creating a void where the employee would discard the shoveled soil and debris. The soil in the trench was a very granular type C. While the employee was in the trench, soil sloughed off the trench wall behind the full-length trench shields and flowed into the trench. The flowing soil pushed the employee into the trench jacks, resulting in his injuries. The employee was working within close proximity to a witness at the time of the accident.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:25 p.m. on April 19, 2010, Employee #1, a laborer who performs cleaning, and a coworker were both cleaning a custom-made dough extruder which has several cord and plugs for various portions of the machine and a panel for. Employee #1 was hurt when he was cleaning the rolls. According Employee #1, he did not receive warning from the coworker that he was about to start the machine. However, the coworker said that the machine had been running for about four minutes before the accident occurred. Employee #1 gave a statement to the police that the brush got caught and as he retrieved it, his finger was caught. Employee #1's right index finger was amputated up to the second knuckle. During the inspection when the employer was asked to show how the machine was locked out, only one lock was used. Employer also did not have a machine specific energy control procedure. As a result, a serious accident related citation under T8 CCR 3314 (c) T8 CCR 3314. The employer did not report the accident to the Division. The fire department faxed the accident report to the Division at approximately 5:57 a.m. on April 20, 2010. Vernon Police responded to the accident.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on August 20, 2016, Employee #1 was inside a wooden debris box and elevated by a forklift to 20 feet and  2 inches. The employee was handing roofin g materials to a coworker on the roof. Employee #1 unloaded the roofing material s from one end of the wooden debris box and it became unbalanced causing it to t ilt and fall with Employee #1 from the forklift. The wooden debris box struck Em ployee #1 and the employee suffered blunt trauma to the head and body and was ki lled.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 21, 2020, Employee #1 was operating a Genie aerial lift during the rehabilitation of a two-story building.  When the employee began to m ove the boom horizontally, the turntable came off the body of the lift, ejecting the employee.  The employee fell and struck the surface.  He was hospitalized f or treatment of blunt force traumatic head injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On August 26, 2004, Employees #1 and #2 were scraping and repainting the wood siding of a two-story home. They were setting up a ladder to reach the second floor when it contacted an overhead power line next to the house. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2 received an electric shock, for which he was treated and released.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on July 31, 2019, an employee erected a temporary fence around a du mpster in a parking area. At some point, the employee was pinned between a vibra ting compactor and the dumpster and struck by the vibrating compactor. The emplo yee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the pelvis, foot, and shoulder.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete drilling cont ractor, was working at a commercial building.  He was inside an electrical cabin et and drilling three 5-inch holes in the cabinet's concrete floor.  Power to th e cabinet's electric panel was not shut off.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for second and third degree burns to his upper body a nd a fractured back.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on August 27, 2018, an employee was working for a municipal departm ent of public works. He and a coworker were looking for a part in a warehouse. T he employee was on a 3-meter (10-foot) fiberglass straight Louisville ladder whi le his coworker held the ladder steady. The employee felt the ladder shift. He g rabbed a coupling on a shelf to stabilize himself, but the coupling slid right o ff. The employee pushed the coupling out of the way as he was falling. The cowor ker could not keep the ladder from falling. The employee fell approximately 1.2 meter (4 feet) onto the concrete warehouse floor. He sustained fractures to his left wrist and lower arm. He was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:30 a.m. on January 18, 2022, Employee #1 and Employee #2, emp loyed by a county highway department, were working in the beds of two large dump trucks to clean sand and salt from the beds of the truck. Employee #1 was in th e bed of Truck 16 with the rear discharge auger for the spreader engaged and tur ning. Employee #1 mis-stepped, causing Employee #1's left foot to get caught in the auger. The auger left a full-thickness avulsion injury to the left foot incl uding the amputation of four toes. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, subsequently flown via helicopter to a second hospital, admitted and treated for reconstructive surgery.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on February 13, 2015, Employee #1 was working on the neutral lines and lowered the bucket to retrieve a tap rod. Employee #1 was part of a electric al pole replacement crew.  As Employee #1 attempted to remove energized power li nes from a existing pole and transfer the line to a new pole, Employee #1, "with out protective gloves" reached up and made contact with the live power-line and was electrocuted. Employee #1 was killed as a result from being electrocuted wit h 7200 volts.
struck_fatal	At 1:29 p.m. on August 1, 2016, Employee #1, a roofer, was working at a resident ial construction site.  While working on the roof of a guest house of an existin g residence, he fell approximately 12.5 feet and was killed.  A coworker discove red Employee #1 unconscious. Emergency services were contacted and upon arrival determined that Employee #1 was dead.  During the incident investigation, it was reported that although there were no witnesses, Employee #1 was last seen headi ng towards a ladder near the north west corner of the site.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on May 21, 2019, Employee #1, a laborer employed by a framing cont ractor, was working at a construction project, a two-story residential structure .  He was using a portable circular saw when he cut his left thumb.  He was tran sported to the hospital, treated, and released after 7 hours.  However, the thum b became infected.  He returned to the hospital, where the thumb required amputa tion.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:08 a.m. on October 9, 2021, two employees were performing maintenance on ca pacitor banks in the paint shop of an automobile manufacturing facility. Employe e #1 was training Employee #2 by demonstrating how to perform preventative maint enance on the capacitor banks. When Employee #1 pulled open the panel on the cap acitor bank to inspect it, electricity arced from the unit and struck both emplo yees. Employee #1 sustained second and third degree burns to both arms, hands, a nd his upper torso. Employee #2 sustained second-degree burns to both arms, hand s, and his neck. Employees #1 and #2 were both hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 12, 2017, an employee was either standing on a plank on top of the rolling scaffold or going up/down the side rails of the scaffold.  He wa s nailing in a door jamb using a nail gun along with one other person.  The empl oyee fell approximately 10 feet and struck the top of his head on the ground bel ow suffering blunt force trauma to head resulting in a fatality.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 23, 2018, Employee #1 was releasing the strap restraints that secured a pile of window frames and doors which were propped up against th e inside wall of delivery truck.   The entire weight of the stack, approximately 600 pounds, fell over him and caused his head to be buried into his chest. The employee  sustained tendon and nerve damage as well as fractures to his vertebra e. He was taken to Valley Medical Center in San Jose, where he stayed for five d ays.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:50 p.m. on November 21, 2018, an employee was at the site in the yard waiting to get paid for the paint job. Another employee was hooking up a semi-truck tractor for towing the rear hitch of another semi-truck tractor. The employee used a forklift to lift the front end of semi-truck tractor and was towing a semi-tractor. The front end of truck-tractor being towed was not secur ely hooked into the rear hitch of front truck because it was not yet secured wit h the chain.  The tractor being towed slid backwards partially off the hitch and crushed the employee, who was pronounced dead at the site.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was performing interior carpentry at a multiemployer construction project for a residential building.  He was operating a table saw and ripping plywood that mea sured 46.5 inches by 3 inches. The tips of Employee #1's left index and pointer fingers made contact with the saw blade and were amputated. Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for the partial amputation of the two fingers.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 2, 2002, Employees #1 through #3 were placing concrete at a bridge construction site when the concrete pump contacted an overhead power line. The line burned through and the two pieces fell into the concrete pour area, contacting the metal reinforcement material on which the men were standing. All three received high voltage electric shocks, and one suffered an exit wound to his hand that required stitches to close. Employees #1 through #3 were hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:20 a.m. on August 1, 2005, Employee #1, a 17-year-old electrician's apprentice, was working from the seventh rung of a 10 ft fiberglass stepladder, setting ceiling light fixtures into their frameworks. When he came to the last fixture, he was working within 10 in. of an open 4 in. square receptacle box from which were protruding 10 exposed, stripped conductors. He was setting the last unit when the fixture he was pulling through the ceiling contacted an exposed, 277-volt, 20-amp conductor. Employee #1 was knocked off the ladder to the floor. A coworker of a different employer was in the next room, heard him fall, and went to investigate. He saw Employee #1 on the floor, unconscious and unresponsive. Emergency Services was called and he was transported to Frederick Memorial Hospital. Employee #1 was treated and released within 24 hours.
caught_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on March 15, 2013, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was operating a PTO machine.  He was manually engaging the PTO when the shaft began to rotate.  The shaft became caught in Employee #1's shirt.  Employee #1 was ki lled by asphyxiation.
caught_nonfatal	On May 25, 2011, an employee, a truck driver for a trucking business, had just finished filling his truck bed with saw dust and started to climb down the ladder at the raised platform for the controls to the saw dust bin. The employee stated his glove slipped as he started down the vertical ladder. The employee fell backward and his left leg was caught between the ladder rungs. The employee was left hanging upside down with his leg still between the rungs. The employee was taken to the hospital where he was hospitalized and treated for fractured left leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as preparing to repair the roof of a residential structure.  He fell through a s creen, from the roof to the concrete patio, a fall height of 17 feet.  The emplo yee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for head and back inj uries.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 3, 2017, an employee was installing corrugated roof pan els. The employee slipped on the roof panel and fell to the interior of the dair y barn under construction. He suffered broken neck and head injuries and was kil led.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on February 14, 2019, an employee was disassembling a garage door w hen a spring was released and struck the employee in his eye, injuring it.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 8:15 a.m. on July 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in renovation work at a residential structure.  He was assigned to p aint the roof eave.  Employee, carrying a paint bucket, #1 used an extension lad der to climb to the eave.  When he reached the top of the ladder, he was seen to make a clutching motion toward his chest.  Employee #1 fell from the ladder, a fall height of 12.2 feet, struck the back of his head on the ground, and was sev erely injured.  Employee #1 lost consciousness, although he later regained consc iousness.  Emergency services were called and transported the employee to the ho spital.  Employee #1 died that afternoon.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 12, 2019, an employee hooked up a hoisting block to a hoist and signaled the operator to raise the block. The employee's hand became c aught in the block and received a crush injury, which was treated at a local hos pital.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:25 a.m. on January 11, 2019, an employee was repairing pallets using a corr ugated nail gun fastener. The corrugated fastener malfunction and jammed.  The e mployee failed to disconnect the corrugated gun fastener before attempting to tr oubleshoot it and sustained a puncture wound to an artery in the palm of his lef t hand.  The employee was hospitalized to treat the puncture wound on his palm.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 16, 2021, an employee prepared to paint a ten foot by t welve-foot room using a twenty-four foot extension ladder extended to fifteen fe et to reach higher sections of the walls. At some point, the employee was found on the ground after an approximate twelve-foot fall from the ladder with a bleed ing head injury. The employee was taken, by ambulance, to the hospital, where th e employee later died of their injuries that included intracranial hemorrhage, f ractures to the right clavicle and five ribs and acute hypoxic respiratory failu re.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 5:00 p.m. on February 23, 2014, Employee #1, of Helm & Sons, was assembling a Century Wheel amusement ride when his finger was caught in the pinch point area of the parts. The employee reported to an area hospital, where he was treated for an amputation of his finger.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on July 1, 2021, an employee delivered roof tile onto a roof. Whil e walking on the roof, the employee tripped on a ridge cap, slid down the roof a nd fell approximately twenty-four feet. The employee was killed by fatal head in juries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on March 9, 2019, an employee and coworker installed paper on a ne w construction roof. At some point, the employee slipped and fell off the roof a nd received severe head laceration and contusions to the left shoulder. The empl oyee was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_fatal	At 6:14 a.m. on May 17, 2019, Employee #1 was killed when caught between the tru ck and dock.
caught_nonfatal	On June 24, 2010, Employee #1, an industrial truck operator, caught his hand between a rack and a forklift. He sustained hand contusions that did not require hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on February 20, 2018, an employee parked his truck in an establish ments unloading area in preparation for unloading its contents. After removing a set of canvas straps that secured the load, he used a forklift to unloaded a bu ndle of steel from the truck's trailer and placed it several yards away. Soon af ter, the employee left his forklift to retrieve a tag from the first bundle and, upon returning to the loading area, began putting away the straps he had been u sing. As the employee was bent over, a coworker that was  operating a second for klift to move a long bundle of steel tubing, inadvertently struck him. The emplo yee was crushed by several thousand pounds of steel tubing and was killed instan tly.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:13 a.m. on November 20, 2017, an employee was using a Makita Angle Grinder to polish some tire rims.  The employee dropped the grinder and cracked the poli shing disc.  The employee picked the grinder up to turn it off and the polishing disc broke apart.  The employee was struck by broken disc parts in the face and suffered several broken teeth, a fractured jaw, and a scratch to his right eye. The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on April 25, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a constr uction company, were lifting and carrying aluminum hydraulic shore jacks from a pipeline work area to the storage yard.  As they attempted to set down a jack, E mployee #1's fingers were caught in a pinch point, and his right index finger wa s amputated.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for the amputation and then released.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 14, 2021, an employee pulled a tractor with a mower at tachment out of a ditch with a truck. As the employee attempted to remove the to wing strap from the truck and tractor, the tractor lurched forward and caught th e employee between the truck and tractor. The employee was killed by injuries re ceived from being pinned between the vehicles.
caught_fatal	At 10:30 p.m. on January 9, 2014, an employee was attempting to attach a tow str ap between a Kenworth power unit and a CAT 336E track excavator.  A coworker ope rating the excavator leaned out the excavator window to give verbal instructions to the employee.  That motion caused part of the coworker's clothing to activat e the crowd arm joystick.  The crowd arm struck the employee's head and forced i t against the grill of the Kenworth power unit, crushing it.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:44 p.m. on April 1, 2019, Employee #1, the owner of a residential remodelin g company, was working at a home renovation project.  He was using an unguarded angle grinder to cut wood strips for a doorway frame when the grinder kicked bac k.  The grinder blade struck his right hand.  He was transported to the hospital , where he was admitted for treatment of a laceration to the hand.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on October 31, 2018, an employee was making dado cuts using a Delta Rockwell Table Saw while building frames for signage.  The employee was pushing a 20 inch 2x4 through the dado blades to test the depth of the cut and the blad e struck a knot in the wood, pushing the wood back into the employee's stomach. The employee bent forward and both hands struck the saw blade, amputating his l eft thumb and severely lacerating his right hand's palm.  The employee was hospi talized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 11, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were part of a pipe crew installing a 6-inch sludge l ine in an excavated trench at a sewer/water treatment plant.  Employee #1 was in the trench, which measured 13 feet 2 inches deep where the work was to be perfo rmed.  Coworker #1 was operating a CAT 214 excavator.  Coworker #1 used the exca vator and a chain to lift an 8-foot by 10-foot, 3,200-pound steel road plate int o the trench.  The plate was to be used as protection from shifting soil and cav e-ins.  Coworker #1 toed-in the bottom of the plate approximately 2 feet into th e soil at the bottom of the trench.  He then moved the excavator away from the t rench to reduce the weight on the ground directly adjacent to the trench.  The p late was positioned vertically in the trench for approximately 7 minutes when Em ployee #1 climbed into the trench.  Coworker #2, the lead man on the crew, was a t the top of the trench.  He turned away from the trench to pick up a 4-inch by 4-inch steel tube strut to be used as bracing for the steel plate.  Coworker #2 was going to hand the strut down to the laborer for installation.  The steel roa d plate began tipping over toward Employee #1.  The plate fell on Employee #1, p inning him in the trench between the ground/concrete structure and the plate.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for crushing injuries to his back.   Employee #1 wa s placed into a medically induced coma while medical personnel monitored the sta tus of his pancreas.  Employee #1 underwent surgery involving vein/artery grafti ng.
electrocution_nonfatal	Two employees were working on an electrical system for a train. Employee #1 requested that the central control operator deenergize Power Lanes 3 and 7 and Position Pivot Switch Deck Number 1. The central control operator acknowledged the request and reported that Power Lanes 3 and 7 were deenergized. However, Deck Number 1 was not deenergized, and traction power was still applied. The two technicians began installing a grounding strap. When they installed the grounding strap, an electrical fault occurred. The ensuing electric arc burned both employees. Employee #1 fell backwards, then regained his footing and moved away. He removed some clothing, which had ignited. He received second- and third-degree burns over 60 percent of his body, for which he was hospitalized at the burn unit of a medical center. Employee #2, who had been standing closer to the Operation Maintenance Storage Facilities, received a first-degree burn on his right hand. He was treated and released the same day.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on October 4, 2018, an employee was "breaking" horizontal drilling rods using a 40 inch wrench and told his coworker to push 6 inches of pipe.  The employee was struck in the forehead when the wrench spun as the pipe moved, kil ling him.
fall_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on May 15, 2018, Employee #1 was cutting limbs with a chainsaw, wor king from an extension ladder that was extended approximately 17 feet up into a tree. As he cut, a limb swung down and knocked him off of the ladder. The employ ee fell onto a non-energized electrical line, which had grown through the lowest fork of the tree, seven feet up the trunk from the ground. Employee #1 was foun d doubled over the electrical line, hanging in the lower fork of the tree, dead. He was killed after sustaining blunt force trauma to his head.
fall_nonfatal	On March 2, 2014, a loft owner had contracted an employee for the removal of interior walls and general cleanup at a residential location. The employee hired his nephew, Employee #1, to assist him. The employees began working that afternoon. Employee #1 was occupying the platform of a scaffold. He was spreading plastic down to catch debris during the drywall removal process. He was also drinking an alcoholic beverage as he worked. While spreading out the plastic, he lost his balance and fell, landing on a wooden floor and striking his head. Employee #1 was rendered unconscious. The coworker summoned emergency medical personnel. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he was admitted at 7:51 p.m. on that day and treated for head trauma, scalp hematoma, eye hematoma, ear laceration and a subarachnoid hematoma. He was then hospitalized and released two days later.
fall_fatal	On May 11, 2017, two employees were handing a door through a window from a platf orm elevated by a forklift and the platform tilted.  Both employees fell with th e platform and Employee #1 was killed and Employee #2 was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On April 16, 2008, an employee was painting a metal roof from atop a 35 foot aluminum ladder. His aluminum painting pole contacted high voltage electric lines. At approximately 12:20 p.m. on April 16, 2008, the employee died from electrocution and from injuries he sustained falling from the 35 foot aluminum ladder.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on December 9, 2020, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a demoli tion company, were performing demolition work at a power generation facility.  T he work was in preparation for the implosion of a boiler room and portions of th e control room.  The building structure collapsed onto the three employees.  Emp loyees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital, where they were admitted for treatment of multiple injuries.  Employee #3's body was found and recovered late r.  He had been killed in the collapse.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 26, 2018, an employee exited the cab of a truck when h e slipped on an icy driveway. The employee struck his head, suffering severe hea d trauma that resulted in his death.
caught_nonfatal	On July 2, 2018, an employee was putting trash into the trash compactor and had been on top of the machine while it was running.  The employee had something sli ppery on the bottom of his boots and slipped on the slanted ledge before falling into the hopper.  The employee pinned his legs between the trash, the enclosing wall, and the stationary wall, crushing his leg leg's calf and shin.  The emplo yee was hospitalized after being rescued by a coworker.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 21, 2003, Employee #1, an electrician, was moving a single leg of an energized 277-volt cable from an energized 480-volt, 300-amp service panel box. The cable was connected to the panel's busbars, causing an arc flash. Employee #1 was hospitalized with second-degree burns on his face and right leg, and third-degree burns on his right arm. A secondary power disconnect was located approximately 4 ft. away from where he was working. Employee #1 failed to follow the company's lockout and tagout procedures.
struck_fatal	At 10:40 a.m. on October 19, 2017, an employee was working as a flagger, or flag man, for a firm engaged in the construction of commercial and institutional buil dings. He was directing dump trucks at a job site to drop their loads. He was ru n over by a dump truck as it was backing up. The rear wheels of the dump truck r an over the employee's abdomen and he was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 12:48 p.m. on September 1, 2010, Employee #1, an electronics technician, was installing a security system at a new apartment construction site. As he exited the attic using a 6-ft A-frame step ladder, his cordless drill and tool belt got stuck between the opening and the ladder. When he tried to reposition himself, he lost his balance and fell, fracturing his femur and tearing the muscle in his shoulder. He was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 a.m. on June 30, 2017, Employee #1 was unloading freight from a truck tr ailer. The employee removed the support strap which was holding an 800 pound, fo ur foot by eight foot box with a steel dock plate in place, without first suppor ting the box with the forklift. Once the strap was released, the weight of the b ox tipped over onto the employee, fracturing his pelvis. Employee #1 was hospita lized for two or more days.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 1, 2017, an employee was preparing parts to drill at a drill press. The employee slid the part to his right and the drill caught and pulled employee's right hand glove up and around the moving bit of the drill. The emplo yee activated E-stop and shouted for help. The employee amputated his right thum b and the tip of his pinkie finger.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 1, 2016 an employee was performing roofing work.  The e mployee fell from the roof and hit the ground. The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:53 a.m. on April 1, 2019, an employee walked across a highway to a work zo ne and was struck by a passing motor vehicle. The employee was hospitalized for surgery to treat a fractured hip.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as preparing to repair the roof of a residential structure.  He fell through a s creen, from the roof to the concrete patio, a fall height of 17 feet.  The emplo yee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for head and back inj uries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 02, 2005, two employees of Pacific Gas and Electric, were installing a new anchor crane rod for a power pole using a 10-wheel Altec Digger Derrick (truck mounted crane with auger attachment) underneath an approximately 24 ft high 12kv power line. Employee #1 was guiding the auger attachment from the ground, as Employee #2 was operating the crane. Employee #1 was holding the anchor rod with his right hand and the auger with his left hand as the crane tip came in contact with the power line. When the crane hit the power line, Employee #1 received an electric shock, burning both his hands. He was transported to Roseville Sutter Hospital and later to the UC Davis Medical Center for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	On the morning of November 29, 2006, Employee #1, an apprentice plumber for C. Reading, Inc., was dispatched to a residence to unclog a kitchen sink. When attempts to clear the sink from inside the house were unsuccessful, he dug n approximately 3 ft wide by 1 1/2 ft deep hole to reach the main drain pipe outside the house so that a rotating sewer machine could be used. Cable from the rotating machine was pushed into the pipe. Employee #1 was using a hose to help unclog the pipe, and the hole he had dug filled with water. He was apparently standing in the hole when he suffered a severe electric shock and yelled out. The homeowner saw him lying on the ground and called the company. When coworkers arrived, they found Employee #1, face down, with the lower half of his body in the hole. Paramedics were called and Employee #1 was transported to Eastern New Mexico Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead at 11:49 a.m. The power cord to the rotating sewer machine was spliced on the plug end, which had no ground pin attached. The extension cord being used also had no ground pin attached and was plugged into a light-duty household cord belonging to the homeowner; this was plugged into a standard receptacle inside the house. An unprotected, energized wire ran down the exterior wall of the house from a panel box just above the water-filled hole in which Employee #1 was standing when he was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on January 1, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker were working at the site of a commercial building demolition.  Employee #1 was standing on a second -story cement work surface and using a two-gallon spray pump to spray water on t he surface and clear the dust being created by his coworker, who was operating a masonry saw.  A  concrete slab measuring approximately 7 feet by 6 feet broke f ree underneath Employee #1's feet, causing him to fall and become trapped beneat h the concrete at ground level.  Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on May 14, 2018, an employee was testing a live 480 volt electrical panel.  The employee touched the live circuits with metal pins and was caught b y an arc flash that occurred, burning his face, hand, and fingers.  The employee was hospitalized with third degree burns.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on October 1, 2014, Employee #1 was installing ductwo rk. He crawled into a tight space where gas pipes were running across the attic floor.  A junction box with faulty wiring coming into contact with metal ductwor k causing a neutral current to pass through someone in contact with both the duc twork and a ground path. The employee was electrocuted when coming into contact with the gas pipes and metal ductwork carrying a neutral current.  The metallic ductwork was lying across a junction box that did not have a neutral conductor. The neutral wire was tied to a bare wire that was poorly attached to the juncti on box.  Employee #2 tried to assist in pulling Employee #1 away from the worksp ace and touched the gas pipes for stability, and sustained an electrical shock.
caught_nonfatal	On January 16, 2013 Employee #1 of Coatings and Adhesives Corporation was operating a forklift in reverse. While passing a stationary pallet, his finger contacted the pallet and forklift, amputating his right index finger at the first knuckle.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:15 p.m. on June 27, 2019, an employee was walking across the yard and was c rossing the plant road when a forklift operator made a complete stop at the stop sign. The employee saw the forklift stop and was about 11 feet into the path wh en he stopped walking mid-path. The forklift was carrying a load of hot steel bi llets that were 248 inches in length and approximately 1500 degrees. The employe e was struck by the side of the load above the knee causing him to fall onto the hot billets and roll off to the side. The employee suffered second degree burns to his back, arm, hand and buttocks and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	On May 10, 2018, an employee was performing oil changes and other small tasks un der the hood of several vehicles when a coworker asked for some assistance with removing a tire from a vehicle.  As he tried to pull the tire out, the truck sli pped off of the lifts arm and the employee was struck on his left foot, disloca ting and fracturing it.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	Employees #1 and #2 were attaching aluminum siding to the soffits of a three-story structure. They were standing on an aluminum pump jack scaffold system, about 18 feet from the next level. Employee #2 was holding a piece of siding when it contacted an energized, unprotected high-voltage electrical conductor. Employee #1 was killed; Employee #2 sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 1, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers were reroofing a tw o-story single family residence.  At the end of their lunch break, Employee #1 w as discovered injured and on the floor.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multi ple fall-related injuries, including a concussion, a fractured left hand, and li p and chin lacerations.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on October 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was e ngaged in a home renovation.  He was on the roof, which had a 6 to 12 pitch, and was operating a circular saw and installing roof sheathing when he slipped and fell.  Employee #1 first struck the ground, a fall height of 10 feet, and then f ell into a swimming pool that was being constructed, for a total fall height of approximately 14 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a leg laceration and a nkle injury.
caught_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on February 8, 2017, 5 employees were working at a landfill.  A lan dslide occurred at the  compacting equipment, with the operator still inside, un der tons of garbage.  The employee could not be located until 2/10/17, when he w as found deceased, inside the compacting equipment he had been operating. The em ployee was asphyxiated.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on July 23, 2018, new employee hoisted a container to dump the tras h into the truck compartment. The new employee went too far, and the container w ent beyond its balance point and fell into the truck compartment. The new employ ee tried to lower the container back to the ground by reversing the hoist cable direction, but that created a lot of slack in the cable. When the cable slack wa s created, the hoist hook disconnected from the container attachment point becau se the hoisting hook did not have a safety latch. The experienced employee decid ed that the two of them should try to pull the container out of the back of the truck by hand. The experienced employee stood directly behind the container, whi le the new employee stood to the side of the container. When the container becam e dislodged from its position in the truck trash compartment, it fell to the gro und and struck the experienced employee in his left shin, resulting in a fractur e.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on July 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was working in a building's corridor.  He was changing the direction of an exit sign.  As he attached the exit sign to the ceiling, Employee #1 touched an energized wire.  He received an electric shock.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for the electric shock.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 6, 2018, an employee was working from a man lift  to move a support pole for a building extension. The boom inadvertently touched an overh ead power line that resulted in the employee's electrocution.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on August 12, 2019, an employee was digging with a pole digger and hit a underground power line. The employee suffered electric shock and was hospi talized for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an industrial painting c ompany, was engaged in painting a bridge.  He was working from an aerial lift. Employee #1 made contact with overhead electrical power lines and received an el ectrical shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for first and third degree burns to his arm, chest, and back.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on December 30, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in carpentry work at the site of a new three-story residence. He was standing at the unprotected leading edge of an elevated floor deck and ho lding an 8-foot by 4-foot plywood sheet when a wind gust caught the plywood.  Em ployee #1 lost his footing and fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  He struck his he ad on a concrete column lying on the ground and sustained blunt force traumatic injuries.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 9, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in roofing repair at a residential structure.  He was cutting underl ayment near the roof's edge when he fell and struck the concrete driveway, a fal l height of 18 feet.  Employee #1 sustained multiple blunt force traumatic injur ies, including cerebral frontal pole contusions, multiple fractures of the spine , rib fractures,  Employee was cutting underlaying near the edge of the roof. Em ployee fell off the edge of the roof onto the concrete driveway. Multiple blunt force injuries, including: cerebral frontal pole contusions, C5 T10 L2 and L4 fr actures, bilateral rib fractures, internal hemorrhaging, and cerebral edema.  Em ployee #1 was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:30 a.m., on or near September 29, 2006, Employee #1, a technical mechanic, and an electrical mechanic were about to replace a sump motor. After the electrical mechanic locked out the sump motor circuit breaker, located in the motor control room ("MCC-006") of the Wet Process Building, he set the outside sump switch to the "off" position and wired the new motor. Prior to returning the pump back to the sump, the employees attached a 3-inch diameter, right-angle pipe to the pump. The electrical mechanic returned to the MCC room to check on the leads to the motor and called the lead electrician to confirm that the readings were acceptable. After he was given clearance, the electrical mechanic removed his lock and energized the circuit to the motor. On his way back to the sump, he notified Employee #1 that the power was on. Arriving at the sump, the electrical mechanic did not see Employee #1 at the site. He went to his truck, which was parked approximately 30 feet west of the sump, and found it empty. Returning to the sump area, the electrical mechanic found Employee #1 face up in a small pond of water, approximately 10 feet from the sump. The electrical mechanic informed dispatch about the accident and quickly returned to the MCC room to deenergize the circuit to the motor and lock it out. After the electrical mechanic determined that the area around Employee #1 was not electrified, Employee #1 was pulled from the pond and administered CPR, until Weber County EMT arrived. Employee #1 apparently received an electric shock that caused his "hypertensive" heart to fibrillate, and he was killed. Upon request from the Deputy to the electrical mechanic, they found that the switch was in the "manual' position. Inspection of the pump revealed that two of the 480-volt, three-phase cable conductors were exposed and "shorted to the pump's steel house."
caught_fatal	On September 3, 2010, Employee #1, a welder, was welding on the DDM log selector gate at the Rex Lumber sawmill. This gate was part of a conveyor system for logs. When the logs approached the gate on the conveyor system, the gate pneumatically closed if the log was large enough to trigger the gate. The large log was then conveyed to another part of the conveyor system behind the gate. If a log was not large enough to trigger the gate, the gate remained open, and the smaller log was dropped through the gate to be conveyed to another part of the conveyor system. Portions of this gate had become damaged and needed to be repaired. The DDM Wave Feeder and the Reception Belt conveyor system were deenergized and locked out. The DDM Edger Chipper Multifunction line operators control panel was being used to maintain the log selector gate in an open position. The Log Selection Gate control switch was placed in the "AUTO" position on the control booth console. This provided a compressed air energy source which was holding the Log Selector Gate OPEN while Employee #1 was welding on the trough of the machine where the logs drop down onto the reception belt. There were two safety chains attached to the side of the machine. These chains were used to hold the gate open in case the facility lost electrical power, which would cause the Log Selector Gate to lose compressed air and the gate would close. A coworker entered the DDM operators control booth to turn off some Log Accumulation Deck chain conveyors which were left running by the day shift. When the coworker turned the Log Accumulation deck chains control switch to the OFF position, the Log Selector Gate closed immediately, crushing Employee #1. The coworker was not aware the Log Accumulation Deck chains were interconnected to the Log Selector Gate machine. Employee #1 sustained blunt force injuries to the chest and abdomen, and died on the site.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 29, 2021, an employee was installing a new electrical servi ce to a private residence when the employee contacted live 240-volt mid-span ele ctrical service wires. The employee was electrocuted and died with burns to the right forearm and left chest.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 16, 2017, an employee was operating a stand up reach for klift and collided with a second forklift that was stationary.  The employee's l eg was caught between the two forklifts and the employee suffered a fractured fe mur.  The employee was transported to Riverside County Regional Medical Center w here he was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 13, 2014, an employee was installing waterproofing mater ial on a concrete wall.  The employee was working with a coworker a P-series Hyd ro Mobile Scaffolding.  They were at a height of approximately twenty feet.  The employee was applying water proofing and the coworker was installing vent flash ing.  Coworker accessed the scaffolding by prying open a temporary wall enclosur e.  The scaffolding platform was approximately 5 feet above the interior floor o f the building, therefore coworker utilized a folding chair to access/climb onto the scaffolding platform. Sometime later, the employee went to descend the scaf folding to obtain materials.  The employee slipped/tripped on the scaffolding wa lking working platform.   He then fell through the open temporary wall enclosure , striking the metal folding chair.  The employee then fell out of the second fl oor wall opening to the ground. He died on the scene as a result of head injurie s sustained in the fall.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 20, 2022, an employee was unclipping static wire from the peak of an overhead powerline structure. The employee was climbing down from th e tower and fell to the ground.  The employee suffered severe trauma to the body and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on May 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction contractor , was working at a multiemployer construction site.  He was feeding ground cable when the cable came into contact with an energized busbar, part of the electric al power distribution system, which caused an arc flash.  Employee #1 sustained an electrical shock and burns.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for arc flash burn s.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on August 4, 2014, Employee #1 was welding on a tank bottom end from an unsecured man-basket on a forklift.  The forks were not inser ted into the sleeves on the platform nor were they secured by a chain.  The man- basket tipped and Employee #1 fell, striking his head on the concrete floor and died.
fall_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on November 27, 2017, Employee #1, a truck driver, w as dispatched to receive a load of material. Employee #1 arrived at the shipping /receiving lot area, then entered the shipping office to receive his pick-up num ber. He exited the office and drove his truck/trailer to the three lane staging area located 20 yards in front of the shipping office. The employee was second i n line in staging lane one. The truck waiting in front of Employee #1's vehicle moved to the loading area and noticed that the employee was laying on his back n ext to the driver's side door of his truck. Emergency responders were contacted and the employee was removed from the scene by ambulance and transported to a ne arby hospital where he died from his injuries. Employee #1 had sustained multipl e fractured ribs, fracture/dislocation of the 8th and 9th vertebrae, and a lacer ation to his scalp. There were no witnesses identified, but it is believed that Employee #1 fell while attempting to enter or exit the cab of his truck.
electrocution_fatal	On April 12, 2006, Employee #1, an employee of Clark Nickles, Inc., was, for some reason, electrocuted. Employee #1 was killed. NOTE: No abstract provided.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on April 17, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an electrical services company, were working at a commercial building construction project.  T hey were working from a scissor lift when the lift overturned.  Both employees w ere thrown from the lift and landed on the concrete floor.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital, where they were admitted and treated for their injuries.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on January 10, 2021, an employee drove his semi-tractor-trailer tru ck to a hardware store to deliver drywall sheets. The employee was assisting Cow orker #1 and Coworker #2, who were using forklifts to unload the stacks of drywa ll sheets from the flatbed trailer. The employee placed himself between the truc k bed and the suspended load of one forklift. The employee was attempting to ret rieve the dunnage used to separate the units of drywall sheets. The forklift til ted towards the truck bed and the driver was pinned between the load and the rai ls of the truck bed causing blunt force trauma, which killed him.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on March 19, 2016, an employee was checking an argon purge inside of a process vessel. The employee was overcome by an oxygen deficie nt atmosphere, and fell 10-feet to the platform below. The employee suffered fro m possible spinal injury from the fall, and asphyxiation and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on August 2, 2017, an employee was inserting flat st ock into a "Small" roller machine. His glove became caught in the roller which p ulled his middle finger into the rollers, resulting in amputation of right-hand middle finger at second knuckle. The employee was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	On December 27, 2016, an employee was walking around the 1st floor level.  In th e dark unfinished stair tower, the employee walked off of the concrete landing i nto the lower level basement. The employee received severe head trauma resulting in death.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:25 a.m. on January 17, 2017, an employee was cleaning trash f rom under the mechanical dock ramp. The mechanical dock ramp fell, crushing the employee. There was no indication that the employee had used the support bar pro vided by the manufacture. The employee suffered head and chest injuries and was killed.
caught_fatal	On June 15, 2009, an employee and a coworker were removing damaged wood from the bottom side of a concrete slab that was suspended above them. The concrete slab measuring approximately 5 ft by 7 ft was approximately 4 inches thick. The coworker exited the area under the slab to move the accumulated wood away from the working area. The employee continued to remove the supporting structure for the slab but did not replace the damaged wood with cribbing or jacks. During the removal operations the structural supports failed causing the concrete slab to fall onto the employee. The employee was crushed and killed. The responding Fire Department Rescue crew estimated its weight of the concrete slab to be about 1,000 pounds.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 11, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction sid ing company, was preparing to install a J-channel siding trim at a new two-story residential structure.  He was working from an extension ladder.  The siding tr im made contact with an overhead power line that was 8 feet away from the employ ee.  The employee received a high voltage electric shock.  He was transported to the hospital, where a leg and an arm required amputation.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 6, 2019, an employee was moving metal parts when his finger got caught between a metal cart and the metal parts. The employee was hospitali zed to treat a finger amputation.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 21, 2016, an employee was checking roof felt before ins talling battens.  The employee fell from the roof and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 2:54 p.m. on December 9, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker were installing a m obile/manufactured home.  Employee #1 was working between two sections of the st ructure when the coworker lowered the jack that had been supporting the home.  T he home moved from its supports, and Employee #1 was caught between the two sect ions.  Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:15 p.m. on July 14, 2016, Employee #1 was installing trim on the interior of a third floor apartment. He fell through a guard rail to a concr ete floor. Employee #1 was killed by a head contusion and other injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in exterior carpentry work at a residential building construction project.  He was on the roof and moving a cross beam when he fell.  Emergency s ervices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was ad mitted and treated for a compression fracture of his spine, a fractured wrist, a nd a concussion.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on January 25, 2018, Employee #1, a contractor employee, was workin g at a multiemployer construction project.  He was spotting a load being moved o n the forks of a Genie GS-1930 Scissor Lift all-terrain forklift.  The load fell from the forklift and struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fr actures to his arm, leg, and ankle.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 9, 2018, an employee left the cab of a CAT 980C Loader and was climbing down the ladder when he stepped onto a chock block that was lying on the ground.  The employee fell off of the chock block, twisted his left leg, and fell to the ground.  The employee fractured his leg and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On or about September 12, 2003, Employee #1 was on a ladder jack scaffold installing an aluminum drip edge when he contacted a primary power source. He received an electric shock and fell 22 ft to the ground. Employee #1 sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on March 26, 2021, an employee completed painting an area and was m oved while standing on the mobile frame scaffold to a new section to continue pa inting. While being moved to the new area, the scaffold wheels became caught on a transition strip on the floor, which caused the scaffold to stop suddenly. The employee lost balance, fell approximately twenty feet, and was killed by blunt force trauma to the head.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1 was performing exterior carpentry as part of a multifamily residential building construction project.  His employe r was a subcontractor on this multiemployer project.  Employee #1 was working fr om a 12-foot pick board of a scaffold as he installed rafters for a breezeway. He lost his balance and fell backwards off the scaffold to a cement slab on the ground below, a fall height of approximately 9 feet.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for a broken jaw and lacerations to the liver.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on August 30, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers were engaged in the c onstruction of three single-family houses and tasked with framing work for the s offits.  Employee #1, without using fall protection, tried to access the roof of one building.  The roof was wet, and he slipped and fell, striking the second f loor sub-roof and then striking his head on the base of a scaffold being used fo r an adjacent building, a fall height of 23 feet.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment of a severe laceration to his head that required more than 20 stap les.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 21, 2018, Employees #1 and #2 and Coworkers #1, #2, an d #3, all associated with a roofing subcontractor, were working at a multiemploy er construction project, the construction of a vehicle maintenance shop and a st orage building for a fire station.  They were in the process of moving a company -owned Rustgo manually propelled scaffold/work platform, Model 195, Serial Numbe r 1RRBB1AA1JN018203, from the vehicle maintenance shop to the storage building. Employee #1, who was the company's Vice President and co-owner, and Employee #2 , an hourly employee, were at the leading/forward end of the scaffold, and their three coworkers, including Coworker #1, who was the company's President and co- owner, were at the rear end.  All five were at ground level and holding onto the scaffold, with one steering and the others pushing.  The scaffold came into con tact with high-voltage 17 kilovolt overhead distribution power lines.  Employees #1 and #2, at the front end, were severely shocked and burned.  Emergency servi ces transported them to the hospital, where both were admitted and treated.  Emp loyee #2 sustained burns over 30 percent of his body, the loss of his right arm, the loss of eight toes, and a reduction in movement of his left hand.  Employee #1 sustained the loss of his right foot.  Coworker #1 stated that he had been s hocked, but he refused treatment.  Coworker #2 was treated for shock injuries at the hospital and then released.  Coworker #3 was not injured.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:46 a.m. on May 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, was framing parts of the roof and installing weatherproofing paper during construct ion of a three-story multifamily residential structure.  The employee was workin g from a metal scaffold three stages high, with a fully planked platform and lad der access.  The employee slipped and fell a height of 2 to 3 feet between the i nboard edge of the scaffold plank and the face of the building, striking his hea d on parts of the scaffold.  The employee stated that no parts of the scaffold w ere missing.  The distance between the plank and building was 13 to 16 inches. The employee required hospitalization and treatment for head injuries.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 26, 2017, an employee was installing shingles. The employe e fell from the roof, but was able to get up and go home. He and another worker stopped at a gas station where the man fell from the truck and struck his head, resulting in death.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 31, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a specialty contractor, was working in a highway work zone, a multiemployer construction project.  He w as installing delineator reflectors on new concrete barriers when he was struck by a private motor vehicle.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 13, 2019, an employee, serving in their role as a Forklift Operator, was moving material using a Toyota Reach Stand-Up Forklift. The emplo yee dropped off a pallet between two aisles and was about to turn the forklift a round. The forklift hit a piece of wood with the back wheels causing it to jump and become unstable. The employee lost his balance and jerked the speed lever do wn ramming the forklift onto the shelving rack. The forklift was pinned down and the shelf's horizontal member struck the employee in the chest. The employee wa s hospitalized to treat fractured rib on his right side.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 17, 2017, Employee #1 was putting away a forklift that h ad been returned from the maintenance shop. The forklift was parked next to the charging station gate by the interchange department. The employee unlocked the g ate and opened it, then got on the forklift to put it away in the charging area. The gate closed, but was resting at an angle so that the gate pole was sticking out. Employee #1's right leg was impaled by the gate pole and he was pinned bet ween the forklift and the gate. The employee was not hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:55 a.m. on March 15, 2022, Employee #1 was tasked with moving a pallet of r oofing shingles with a telescopic forklift to the top of a two-story building. W hile trying to maneuver the pallet between two overhead powerlines, the forklift made contact with one of the lines. The employee proceeded to jump from the cab and reached back in to grab the forklift key to turn the vehicle off, electrocu ting him. The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 18, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a building construct ion company, was on the construction site for a new commercial building.  The em ployee was talking with the operator of a stationary roller.  A dump truck backe d up and struck Employee #1, pinning and crushing him between the dump truck rea r tire and the roller's front wheel.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumati c crushing injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 6:49 a.m. on March 21, 2018, Employee #1, a truck driver, was waiting in a li ne of solid waste transfer semi-tractor trailers, located on a private road with in a landfill. The waiting trucks were approaching a location known as the "deta rping station." Employee #1 was preparing his semi-trailer to be dumped by loose ning the tarp straps prior to tarp removal from the top of the trailer. As the e mployee released the tarp tie-down straps on the left side of his trailer, anoth er semi pulled in behind him. The second truck driver stopped his truck approxim ately 10 feet from the rear of Employee #1's trailer. The second truck driver th en exited his tractor and began releasing the tarp straps on the left side of hi s trailer, when  he observed his semi-tractor trailer moving forward toward Empl oyee #1. The second truck driver ran to his tractor in an attempt to enter the c ab and apply the brakes to stop his unit; however, he was too late.  Employee #1 was crushed between his truck and the second semi-tractor trailer. The second t ruck driver reversed his truck approximately 7 to 10 feet to release Employee #1 . The employee suffered blunt force trauma to his chest and was unresponsive. Em ergency services were called and, upon arrival, Employee #1 was determined dead. The incident investigation determined that there was an imperceptible slope of the road that caused the semi-truck to roll from a complete stop.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on February 10, 2014, an employee was arriving at the facility with a tractor trailer load of wood chips used for production purposes.  Prior to ar riving at the site, the employee parked his truck, exited his vehicle, and proce eded to stand in front of the front drive axle.  The truck rolled forward and th e employee was pulled under the truck and crushed under the weight of the tire/t ruck. The employee was  killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on March 7, 2017, an employee was cleaning a roof, when he fell 15 feet and struck the ground. The employee fractured one of his hips and both knee s, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a welding services compa ny, was installing decking on the roof of a one-story commercial building.  He f ell from the roof to the concrete floor, a fall height of approximately 30 to 32 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital.  He was admitted and treated for undisclosed injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On July 26, 2011, an employee, of Sizemore Plumbing and Heating LLC, Albany, Georgia, was working as a plumber helper. He entered a crawl space in a single family residential structure to repair a leaking metal pipe. He came in contact with electrical hazards. He received an electric shock which caused a fatal cardiac arrest.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 20, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a he avy construction company, were working at a multi-employer road construction pro ject.  Employee #1 was chaining down 48-inch pipe that had been loaded onto a fl at bed trailer by his coworker, who was operating a Komatsu 400 excavator.  Empl oyee #1 became pinned between the excavator and the trailer.  He was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for upper body injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 21, 2019, a employee was operating a HUCK pneumatic bolt fas tener gun machine when his finger was caught between the spreader bar and the tr igger of the machine. The employee partially amputated his right index finger an d required hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on September 10, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was operating a concrete hose at the site of a new two-story commercial bui lding.  Concrete became clogged in the hose.  As he attempted to clear the clog, the boom of the hose struck Employee #1, causing him to fall through a guardrai l, a fall height of 29 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including mu ltiple rib fractures, a fractured ankle, a fractured leg, and lacerations to his head.
fall_fatal	At roughly 7:45 a.m. on January 25, 2017, Employee #1 was walking on the roof. A temporary wood decking had not been put into place on certain areas of the roof .  Due to weather, workers had covered the roof with EPDM rubber and marked on t he rubber were the holes were.  Because of rain, the workers returned five days later and the markings were gone. Employee #1 had just returned from being off d ue to a previous injury, and did not know that there were holes in the roof. Emp loyee #1 fell through one of the holes. He suffered from broken bones and head t rauma and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 p.m. on December 28, 2012, Employee #1, a maintenance mechanic with Ventura Coastal, LLC, was "tracking," or observing, a newly installed belt when he slipped and unintentionally placed his hand on the moving belt. Employee #1's left hand and arm were caught in a tail pulley of moving belt conveyor. Employee #1 was taken to a hospital, where he was treated for multiple fractures of his left arm.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on February 1, 2010, Employee #1 was assisting in the construction of a micropile system a large municipal office building. At the time of the accident, a large, split-level excavation had had been dug for the building foundation. The employer was in the process of drilling a series of 68-foot deep holes into the floor of the excavation for micropiles. The employer had positioned two micropile rigs into the deeper portion of the split-level excavation: one yellow rig and one red rig. The employer had also placed a 900 cfm/300 psi air compressor on the lip of the upper portion of the excavation. Both rigs were to be hooked up to the air compressor so that the compressor could supply the rigs with compressed air to blow excavated sand and soil out of the micropile holes during the drilling process. At the time of the accident, a fifty-foot, two-inch-diameter hose was connected to the compressor and extended down the slope of the excavation to the lower level, near to where the rigs were located. At the end of the fifty-foot hose, there was a T-shaped manifold connected with dual outlets - one outlet at the end of the manifold, in line with the supply hose (the "in-line valve"), and the other branching out perpendicularly to the right (the "secondary valve"). Each of the two outlets was equipped with a quarter-turn ball valve, and each valve had a lever attached to the top of the manifold to allow a user to open or close the valve. At the time of the accident, the yellow micropile rig was already connected to the air compressor via a hose attached to the open in-line valve on the manifold. The air compressor was pumping air into the hose, and the yellow rig was operating. To place the red micropile rig into operation, the employer tasked Coworker #1 Coworker #2 to connect the red micropile rig to the air compressor through a hose attached to the secondary valve. Coworkers #1 and #2 determined that the hose they planned to use to connect the red micropile rig to the manifold would not reach from the rig to the manifold, so they decided to reposition the manifold closer to the red rig. Coworker #2 grasped the live air hose on the supply side of the manifold to drag the manifold across the ground and into position. Almost immediately after Coworker #2 began to pull the supply hose, the manifold turned over, either onto its side or upside down, so that the valve levers on top of the manifold were in contact with the ground. The lever for the secondary valve, which was in the closed position when Coworker #2 began to drag the manifold, caught against the ground or another obstruction and rotated into an open, or at least semi-open, position. As the compressed air began to rush out of the opened secondary valve, the manifold and supply line lifted off the ground and began to whip about. Employee #1, who was not involved in hooking up the red micropile rig, was struck in the leg and knocked to the ground. The manifold, still energized with compressed air, continued to flail and struck Coworker #1 in the chest. Coworker #1 grabbed the manifold and held it against his chest, was lofted momentarily into the air, and then knocked to the ground. Coworker #1 was on the ground, still clutching the manifold to his chest, when Coworker #2 threw himself onto Coworker #1 to help arrest the whipping of the manifold. Shortly thereafter, another coworker was able to shut the compressor off, deenergizing the manifold and air hose. Employee #1 was transported to San Francisco General Hospital, where he was admitted and remained over 24 hours for treatment of a fractured leg. The San Francisco Fire Department reported the incident at 11:00 a.m. the same day. The employer, Dees-Hennessey, Inc. reported the accident the next day at 9:00 a.m. The employer is a foundation/site- preparation contractor, and had been engaged by the general contractor of the new office building.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:24 a.m. on June 18, 2003, Employee #1, a sprinkler fitter with a fire sprinkler installation company, was working at an office building undergoing renovation in El Segundo, CA. He was installing an attachment for a sprinkler water pipe to hang from the bottom of a 12 in. wide by 2 in. deep metal cable tray that was 8 ft. above the roof. The tray was designed to carry and protect electrical wires and contained a 480 volt conductor. Employee #1 discussed with his supervisor how to attach the pipe hanger. Initially, they were not sure whether to use "TEK" screws and a flange attached to the bottom of the tray, or a "Unistrut" attached to a tray support. After the discussion, Employee #1 and his supervisor went to the supervisor's truck and got the materials for both methods. The supervisor then left the site. Employee #1 returned inside and decided to use the "TEK" screw method. He was using a portable electric drill to make holes in the bottom of the tray when he drilled into the energized 480 volt line, resulting in an arc blast. Employee #1 suffered second- and third-degree burns on his hands, arms, and face that required skin grafts. He was hospitalized for between four and five weeks.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:47 p.m. on July 24, 2019, an employee was driving a forklift. The employee was backing up the forklift and ran into a wall. The employee reacted by stickin g his left foot out of forklift. This led to the foot being crushed between the wall and forklift. The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on May 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as erecting wood framing at a multiemployer construction project, a new six-stor y building.  After using a Hitachi NR 83AA2 pneumatic framing nailer to nail som e wood pieces and line up a wall, he was walking on top of the wall with the nai ler clipped onto the nail bags and the air hose still connected to the nailer. The nail gun's trigger was inadvertently activated, and a nail shot out and lodg ed in Employee #1's knee.  Employee #1 received treatment for the puncture wound but was not hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on January 30, 2015, an employee was performing unsp ecified mechanical work with a crescent wrench. The employees' shirt and coat sl eeve got caught on turning PTO drive shaft and the employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 24, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a drywall construction company, was installing drywall inside a new residential structure, a multiempl oyer construction project.  He was working from a baker's scaffold when he fell, a fall height of 10 feet, and struck the concrete floor.  The employee sustaine d a fractured skull and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 22, 2003, Employee #1 was part of a crew that was replacing an existing wooden pole with a metal one. Prior to starting the job, the crew held a tailboard meeting on how to change a pole. Two workers then left and the remaining three started the process. Employee #1 and a coworker were in an aerial lift that was being raised so they could hang grounds when Employee #1 contacted the de-energized overhead line and received an electric shock. The lift was lowered to the ground and emergency medical treatment was started. The two coworkers performed chest compressions on Employee #1, and he was then transported to where an ambulance was waiting. to take him to the hospital. Employee #1 was admitted to the hospital and released the next day.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 p.m. on October 17, 2020, an employee was unloading his truck and traile r load of sugar beets. The employee was unlatching the manual release tailgate l atch on the trailer when he fell into the unguarded portion of the Piler conveyo r machine. The employee suffered dismemberment of his left arm, left and right l eg, and head and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on September 24, 2015, an employee was notching a str uctural support beam to make it easier to pull the structure down during demolit ion. The roof of the building collapsed on the employee. The employee was crushe d and killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 11, 2003, Employee #1, of Green Mountain Communication Construction, LLC, was using a jackhammer when he contacted underground utilities. He received an electric shock and sustained burns, for which he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on September 27, 2018, an employee and two coworkers were standing on a concrete form while pouring concrete into concrete forms with a pressurized hose. The coworker #1 was holding the nozzle of the concrete hose and the emplo yee was holding the middle of the hose while coworker #2 was using a hand tool t o push the concrete into place. At some point, the hose became clogged and when the clog cleared, the hose whipped and the employee dropped the hose. The cowork er #1 lost control of the hose and a spray of concrete hit the employee in the c hest and knocked him off the form. The employee lost his balance and fell eight feet and was hospitalized with multiple fractured ribs.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on March 24, 2015, an employee was operating a powered industrial t ruck (Mitsubishi Forklift Model # FG15HT-16 / Serial # 651852A). The employee wa s not wearing seatbelt. The employee was travelling forward and made an evasive left turn to avoid hitting a guardrail that extended parallel to the path of tra vel. The employee was partially ejected from the operator seat. The employee att empted to stop his ejection by reaching out to grab a structural steel box colum n that supported the railing and greenhouse roof structure. The employee was cru shed between the forklift roll over protective system (ROPS) and a structural st eel box column. The employee suffered severe head trauma and died while being tr ansported to the hospital.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on September 10, 2018, Employee #1 climbed up on a company's traile r to remove the chains he was using to secured the load of metal billets that we ighed 5,000 pounds. As his released the last strap, the load of 3 - 4 round meta l billets  began to roll in the  direction of employee, knocking him off the tra iler. The employee's legs were pinned against the wheel/wheel well. Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries to his legs and hand. He was hospitalized for his in juries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:00 a.m. on July 20, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, part of a larger gro up of workers employed by a staffing agency, were working at a multiemployer job site, a retail store.  They were assigned to replace overhead fluorescent light fixtures with LED fixtures.  They were provided 10-foot fiberglass stepladders, safety glasses, and non-electrically rated cut-resistant gloves, and were instr ucted to work the 277-volt lighting system while it remained energized.  While c limbing the ladder, Employee #1 contacted an exposed wire with the top of his he ad and was shocked.  He fell from the ladder, a fall height of 5 to 6 feet.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for a fractured right leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 20, 2019, Employee #1, Coworker #1, and fellow crew member s were engaged in renovation work at a multifamily residential building.  They w ere installing beams that measured 40 feet by 5.25 inches by 14 inches to the bu ilding's patio decks.  Coworker #1 was operating a Kubota SVL 75-2 Loader with a fork lift attachment to lift and place a beam on top of a post with caps.  The beam became stuck.  Employee #1 attempted to free the beam, and it fell, strikin g Employee #1's right leg.  The employee was transported to the hospital and adm itted for treatment of a lower leg fracture.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 (the subcontracted owner) and Employee #2 were bringing down the lad dervator to disassemble it, as the roofing job was almost complete. As Employee #1 was pulling the laddervator away from the building, he lost control, and the laddervator fell into the 14.4KV powerline.  Employees #2 and #3 tried to assist with the ladder and assist Employee #1. Employee #1 was electrocuted, and Emplo yees #2 and #3 received severe shocks and were  hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on October 11, 2019, an employee and five coworkers were erecting a pump jack scaffold. They raised a support pole up in the air to put in place wh en a wind blew the pole into a 26kv power line. Upon contact, the employee was k illed by electrocution and the coworkers received minor injuries from electrical shock.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 4, 2013, Employee #1, a 61-year-old male of Franzen-Hill Corporation based in Tulare, was working on a powered electrical panel. Employee #1 dropped a panel screw and bent down to retrieve it when his temple caused an arc from a relay. Employee #1 received an electrical burn and was knocked unconscious from the discharge. Employee #1 was transported to Kaweah Delta Hospital in Visalia for observation.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 27, 2017, Employee #1 was descending a ladder from a roof . The ladder slipped and the employee fell. No injury details were provided.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 a.m. on June 30, 2017, Employee #1 was unloading freight from a truck tr ailer. The employee removed the support strap which was holding an 800 pound, fo ur foot by eight foot box with a steel dock plate in place, without first suppor ting the box with the forklift. Once the strap was released, the weight of the b ox tipped over onto the employee, fracturing his pelvis. Employee #1 was hospita lized for two or more days.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m., on January 27, 2012 Employee #1 a carpenter of Kaiser Permanente suffered an amputation of his left middle finger tip while attempting to open the door of a metal Conex storage container. Employee #2, an electrician, was assigned a job that required the use of equipment that was located inside the Conex. Employee #1 was onsite at the time and had previously had to gain access to the Conex. He knew that the door of this Conex was very hard to open due to jamming and offered to help Employee #2 open the door. The lock for the Conex was removed and both doors had their lock bars released. Employee #1 had his left hand wrapped around the lock box located on the right door with his fingers on the back side of the box. His right hand was holding the right door locking bar. Employee #2 had both hands on the right door locking bar. As Employee #1 and Employee #2 were pulling to open the Conex doors, both doors began to open and Employee #1's left middle finger was caught between the edge of the lock box and the lock tab of the left door. Employee #1 suffered an amputation of his left middle finger tip when the doors opened.
caught_fatal	On February 28, 2012, Employee #1 was backing a 53 ft. box trailer into a shipping dock to be loaded with fertilizer. The employee docked the truck and trailer. The employee exited the truck cab. The trailer was being hand loaded by other shipping dock employees. Employee #1 went to the passenger side of the tractor trailer to remove a red colored emergency air hose from the hose connector located at the back of the truck's tractor. The employee connected an air hose, fitted with a tire fill nozzle to the emergency hose connection. The truck and trailer rolled away from the shipping dock. Employee #1 crossed in front of the rolling truck and trailer. The employee was caught under the left front tire wheel. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at an area hospital.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:50 a.m. on May 15, 2020, an employee was pulling wire into an electrical ca binet. A live 770 volt circuit was not controlled when the employee either made contact with the circuit with his hand or an electric arc completed the circuit at the employees watch. The employee received electrocution and head trauma inju ries and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on February 14, 2017, an employee was working at a construction sit e of a four-story building. He was employed by a framing contractor who was serv ing as a sub-contractor at the site. The employee was working with his superviso r to install plumbing in a column that was located on the third floor of the bui lding under construction. As the employee was looking for a brace, he walked ove r a sheet of plywood that was covering a 12 foot by 12 foot opening and fell app roximately 20 feet to the level below. The employee sustained fractures to his p elvis, lower back, and left wrist, which he was hospitalized and underwent surge ry. The incident investigation revealed that the sheet of plywood was covering t he opening intended for a stairway shaft where a support beneath was previously removed the shifted before that of the employee.
electrocution_fatal	On March 6, 2003, Employee #1 was welding floor plates inside a semi-dump-trailer. He was later discovered lying, face down, on top of the welding "stinger." Employee #1 was transported to the St. Margaret Mercy Health Center, where he was pronounced dead due to electrocution.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 27, 2019, an employee was installing underlayment on a residential roof when he slipped and fell. The employee landed on some plywood and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on November 15, 2019, an employee, working as a roofer, was on the roof of a new apartment building working to stretch out the air hose to a nail g un. As the employee straightened the hose, he slipped and fell thirty feet. The employee was killed by unspecified injuries sustained in the fall.
caught_fatal	At approximately 7:40 a.m. on July 11, 2011, Employee #1, a truck driver, was preparing his load of five 7,000 to 9,000 pound concrete highway barriers to be unloaded and lifted off of his flatbed trailer. Employee #1 was parked several hundred feet down a shallow hill from the location where an excavator would lift the barriers off of the trailer and set them on the ground. When it was time for his trailer to be unloaded, he backed his truck and trailer up to the designated area. He was guided by a coworker with the excavator, and positioned so the barriers could be unloaded from the back of the trailer. Employee #1 had removed two of three tie down straps from each barrier while waiting at the bottom of the hill. After repositioning his truck and trailer, witnesses indicated that Employee #1 was removing the third and final strap from each barrier and was working from the rear forward. Employee #1 had removed the final straps for four of the five barriers, when the last strap broke and the barrier toppled over onto Employee #1 crushing and killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a federal facility 's maintenance department, was preparing to change an electric circuit breaker. While removing the old 400-volt AC power (VAC) circuit breaker, his screwdriver made contact with an energized busbar.  An arc flash ensured, and Employee #1 s ustained burns to his face, head, and hands.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted to the burn unit for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 19, 2017, an employee was picking up several pipe to dr ill out plugs and the angle of the pipe wrangler was not set properly.  The empl oyee put his hand in the wrong area and the cables of a fast line elevator wrapp ed around his fingers, partially amputating his middle finger.  No hospitalizati on was required.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 24, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction c ompany, was working at a residential construction project.  He was removing scaf folding from concrete forms.   The scaffolding was not secure, causing the emplo yee to fall a height of 12 feet and strike the ground and a piece of rebar.  The employee received treatment for a fractured rib and a sprained wrist but was no t hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At about 12:45 p.m. on August 23, 2014, Employee #1 was assessing a worksite whe n an overhead power line broke and fell to the ground.  Employee #1 came in cont act with the live 2,400 volt electrical line and was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 12:25 p.m. on April 13, 2015, an employee was operating a hydraulic jack to p osition a mobile home onto safety blocks.  The employee became trapped between t he mobile home trailer and the ground when the trailer fell off of the safety bl ocks and the hydraulic jack system failed, killing him.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 9, 2018, Employee #1 was operating a mobile conveyor t o transfer pea gravel from the street level to the lower level of the worksite. Employee #1 was standing under the moving conveyor and reached up. The moving be lt caught his left hand and arm, entrapping it between the belt and an idler bel t return take-up drum. Employee #1 suffered fractures and tendon damage requirin g surgery and hospitalization in excess of 24 hours.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on April 4, 2022, an employee was applying asphalt on a residential roof.  The employee fell off the roof, approximately 10 feet to the ground.  Th e employee was not wearing fall protection.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 11, 2007, Employee #1, an air conditioning technician, was on a ladder, replacing a bad blower motor, when he contacted a loose wire and suffered an electric shock. The shock caused him to fall 5 ft off the ladder. Employee #1 sustained injuries and went to the hospital, where he was treated and released after a period of observation.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 1, 2021, an employee performed framing work and was set ting wood trusses while standing on a wall. The employee's fall protection lanya rd was anchored to another wood truss when he fell approximately eleven feet. Th e forces from the fall shifted the truss, and the employee struck the ground.  T he employee received a skull fracture and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on October 2, 2018, an employee was welding underneath a metal pull trailer when it collapsed on top of him and crushed his chest and abdomen, kill ing him.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a construct ion company, was climbing an extension ladder in preparation for installing shea thing to a roof.  Employee #1 fell, from either the ladder or the roof structure , and struck his head on concrete.  He was transported to the hospital for treat ment of major head trauma.  Employee #1 died on June 28, 2019.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:24 a.m. on December 01, 2021, an employee was checking a personal vehicle for a sound heard while he was driving to and from work.  While waiting for disp atch to inform of incoming calls to tow vehicles, the employee went outside to c heck the truck. As the employee was revving the engine, the fan blades broke, st riking him in the face. The employee was admitted and treated at the hospital fo r a fractured eye socket and lacerations to the face.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 23, 2018, an employee, who was a temporary worker, was w orking at a construction site for a new commercial building. The employee was op erating a Manitou rough terrain forklift (Model Number: M30-2 - L005-119) to dum p trash into dumpsters. The employee had operated the rough terrain forklift on and off at the jobsite for an approximate seven months. During one of the employ ees trips to the dumpster, the vehicles forks became stuck in the upright posi tion. She used the equipments controls to lower the forks, however, was unsucce ssful. Next, she exited the drivers seat and walked to the front of the forklif t. As the employee stood in front of the vehicle, the forks fell and landed on h er feet. She was not wearing steel-toed shoes. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment for her injuries that resulted in the amputation of her left leg, below the knee, and amputation of her pinky, ring, and middle toes on her right foot.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 22, 2012, Employee #1, of Bluewater Environmental Services, Inc., was working at a commercial building demolition project. He was using an electric saw while positioned inside an extended scissor lift. Employee #1 had tied the saw's extension cord to the scissor lift platform, with the remaining cord running down the side of the lift and along the ground. Coworker #1 was driving a Bobcat machine. The Bobcat drove over the cord, and the cord caught on the underside of the machine. As the Bobcat continued to move, the cord tightened and pulled the scissor lift over. Employee #1 fell approximately 20 feet. He was hospitalized with unspecified serious injuries including a fracture.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on February 13, 2017, Employee #1 was assisting a pre ss break operator with the change out of press dies. While working with the oper ator, he caught his left hand middle finger in between the upper and lower dies. The dies fractured the finger. Employee #1 received first aid treatment that wa s followed up with additional treatment and surgical care, after which he was th en hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a welding contractor, was welding a water pipe in a trench.  One end of another pipe rolled down into the trench and struck the employee's left side.  The employee was transported t o the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of multiple fractured ribs.
caught_fatal	At 12:45 a.m. on October 1, 2021, Employee #1 was positioning a coil roll of ste el to place on a blanker press. Employee #1 went to lift a coil roll of steel of f of the mat it was sitting on, not realizing that it had shifted and moved when he was away from the load. When the coil was lifted off the mat, it swung, pinn ing Employee #1 against an adjacent coil roll of steel. The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 28, 2021, an employee was using a jib crane with a chain sling attachment to lift a welded plate. The chain sling was wrapped around the plate and, as it was being lifted, a 3-inch piece that had been tack welded bro ke off causing the apron to slip from the chain and fall. The apron struck the e mployee causing a fractured left ankle that required hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on July 7, 2022, an employee had just finished making 33.5 inch ver tical cuts at each end of an 84-inch wide window sill.  The employee was leaning out the window, trying to throw an airline to a coworker, when the ledge he had just cut fell, and he toppled out of the fifth story window, striking his head on the way down before landing in the debris below.  The employee died as a resu lt of blunt force trauma to the head.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 14, 2019, an employee was using a winch to secure a ship ping container to the back of his truck with a strap. As the employee tightened the strap, it broke causing the winch bar to struck the employee's right leg. Th e employee sustained a fracture to his leg requiring medical treatment.  Hospita lization was not required.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 16, 2016, Employee #1, employed by the owners of a single family residence, was engaged in demolition work at the house.  He was cutting a concrete slab from the porch when the slab fell, pinning him underneath.  Emplo yee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 22, 2003, Employee #1, a house painter, and several coworkers were painting a vacant apartment on the third floor of a building. The electricity had been turned off, so she ran an extension cord from a wall outlet in the first floor laundry room up two stories and through the doorway of the apartment and then closed the door. Employee #1 plugged the extension cord into a 3 ft long double male plug jumper cord, which she then plugged into an outlet in the apartment to back feed electricity to the circuit. A short occurred, and Employee #1 suffered an electric shock that knocked her unconscious. She had not protected the extension cord from being pinched when she closed the apartment door.
caught_fatal	At 5:15 a.m. on November 21, 2019, an employee was climbing into the driver's se at for the tractor trailer and was pinned between the side door hinge and corner of an adjacent semi-trailer.  The employee was crushed and killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 28, 2019, an employee was working for a firm that provid ed support activities for oil and gas operations. It was a trucking firm. It hau led away the leftover "produced water" byproduct from fracking activities. Produ ced water, or waste water from fracking, was disposed of at saltwater disposal ( SWD) facilities. The employee was at a facility to dispose of a load of waste wa ter. He attached his hoses and starting pumping. A Roper pump on his truck was l eaking. The SWD facility's site attendant told the employee that the leak would have to be repaired. The pump was powered by a power take-off (PTO). The employe e was underneath the truck tightening the bolts on the pump to adjust its packin g and stop the leak. The PTO was still running. A sleeve of the employee's cloth ing became caught in the PTO, and his arm was pulled in. The employee's arm was amputated at the elbow. He was hospitalized. It was learned that the trucking fi rm knew that its workers may be required to tighten packing bolts at disposal si tes due to the facilities' policies on leaks. It developed a set of rules for th is operation. It was also knowledgeable in procedures for the control of hazardo us energy. In August 2017, it contracted with a safety consultant to conduct loc kout/tagout and machine guarding training. The employee did not attend this trai ning. In an interview, he stated that he had not received any training on hazard ous energy control procedures. Workers for the firm said that adjusting the bolt s with the pump running was a common practice. Each interviewed driver stated th at he had observed other drivers tightening PTO bolts under the truck with the p ump running. They stated that they did not report this to management or stop wor k. Audit records did not show that compliance with the set of rules developed fo r pump repair was audited. Two inspections were associated with this investigati on; 1377994 for the trucking company, and 1378009 for the SWD facility.
fall_nonfatal	On September 5, 2013, Employee #1 attempted to reach a scaffold brace that was inadvertently left on top of a generator casing approximately 101 inches off the ground and stepped onto a flat portion of the casing 34 inches off the ground in order to reach the brace. At some point, he must have stepped backward or fell from the platform, landing on the concrete floor below. Employee #1 sustained fractures to his hip and pelvic regions and was taken to a local hospital before being transferred to a larger regional hospital for surgical repair. He remained hospitalized for several days.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 14, 2019, an employee was leaving his worksite towards a bui lding exit when he walked into a forklift path. The employee was struck by the t ail end of the forks of a powered industrial vehicle (PIV) driven by a coworker. The employee incurred a broken foot and was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on June 16, 2015, Employee #1 was working in a trench that did not contain a trench box. A large portion of the trench caved in trapp ing and burying him in soil to the waist.  Employee #1 suffered massive blunt fo rce trauma, fractured legs, and a massive cut across the pelvic region which cau sed him to bleed out and Employee #1 died.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on November 19, 2018, an employee was putting logs onto a crimping machine and put his hand inside of it, amputating several fingertips.  The empl oyee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	An electrician was testing an energized circuit. The safety door on a 4160-volt circuit breaker was open, and the employee contacted energized parts. He died of injuries sustained in the accident 5 days later.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on March 22, 2021, Employee #1 was driving a residential garbage tr uck in a landfill. The employee was inside his truck's cab when an adjacent truc k rolled over onto his truck crushing the cab. The employee was killing due to h ead and body trauma.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 21, 2014, Employee # 1, using a 24 foot extension ladder , carried a circular saw up to the roof level of a residential construction site .  The circular saw was used to trim the plywood off of the front gable end of t he roof.  The employee was sitting on his buttocks with his legs and feet in fro nt of him, six feet from the ridge of the roof near the front gable end. A cowor ker climbed up the ladder and noticed that the circular saw had started to slide down the roof. The coworker yelled to Employee #1 to alert him of the falling s aw.  Employee # 1 tried to grab the saw and started to slide down the roof and c ould not stop.  The employee fell 18 feet from the south eave of the roof onto t he bed of a pickup truck and then onto the compact soil.  Employee #1 was killed from fractures, contusions and lacerations to his head and abdomen.  There was no fall protection provided by the employer.
caught_fatal	At 1:10 p.m. on April 29, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a staffing agency, was installing data cable at a multiemployer construction project, a single-story co mmercial building.  He was operating a JLG 450AJ aerial lift and working from th e elevated basket.  As he moved the lift in reverse, approximately 40 feet above the ground, he struck a perpendicular steel joist.  Employee #1's neck was pinn ed between the basket's guardrail and the joist, and he was asphyxiated.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was replacing dampers on a metal tower supporting a two-circuit, 115-kilovolt overhead power line. The line on which he was replacing the dampers was deenergized, but the parallel circuit was not. The crew had changed dampers on several towers. This was the first tower for the power line worker to change dampers on this day. Without waiting for the grounding equipment to be raised, the employee started to work on the dampers. He was electrocuted when he contacted one of the power line conductors. The parallel energized line had induced voltage on the deenergized line. The employee had performed this task many times before and was trained for the work.
caught_fatal	On January 29, 2009, Employee #1, of Indian River Industrial Contractors Inc., was working on a sewer installation construction project. He was in a sewer line trench placing a sling around a vault to be lifted with an excavator. When he was in the trench, the excavator shifted pinning Employee #1 between the excavator bucket arm and the vault. Employee #1 died from his injuries.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on April 28, 2014, Employee #1 was in a scissor lift installing insulation panels. He fell out of the lift and died.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 23, 2022, an employee was repairing and adjusting equi pment. Specifically, the employee was calibrating an AG 100 Spreader, fertilizer spreader machine, while it was running. The employee climbed onto the machine t o adjust it while it was moving and slipped, causing the finger to get caught in the drive chain.   The employee was treated at the hospital for a partial amput ation of the right index finger.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:15 a.m. on January 6, 2017, an employee was framing exterior wall on the second floor deck prior to standing and setting the wall at the exte rior perimeter of the floor. The employee was walking backwards along the sheath ed wall and stepped into the window opening that was in line with the stairwell opening. The employee fell 11 feet to the concrete floor below. The suffered hea d trauma and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:40 p.m. on July 18, 2017, an employee was applying termination bars that we re part of flashing located approximately 8 inches above the roof. The employee came into contact with a partially removed live electrical conduit and was elect rocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 11, 2017, Employees #1 and #2 and Coworker #1, employ ed by a construction company, were working at a multiemployer construction proje ct, a new commercial building.  Employees #1 and #2 were working from an Upright span scaffold, measuring 2 feet wide by 7 feet high, and installing drywall on the ceiling.  The scaffold, which had two wheels and two base plates, were place d on uneven gravel surface with no outriggers or railings.  As Coworker #1 hande d up a sheet of drywall that weighed approximately 70 pounds, the narrow scaffol d tipped, and Employees #1 and #2 fell to the gravel floor, a fall height of app roximately 7 feet.  Emergency services were called, and both workers were transp orted to the hospital and admitted.  Employee #1 was treated for a traumatic hem atoma of the face, head contusion, dislocated wrist, fractures to wrist and elbo w, elbow dislocation, and facial abrasions.  Employee #2 was treated for fractur es of both wrists, a closed head injury, and subconjunctival hemorrhage abrasion s.   2 employees of the Sub-Contractor, Harrison Contracting, Inc. DBA: Harrison Drywall, were using 2 ft. wide Traumatic hematoma of face, head contusion, disl ocated wrist, fractures to wrist and elbow, elbow dislocation and facial abrasio ns. EE#2 - Broken wrists, closed head injury, subconjunctival hemorrhage abrasio ns.  X 7 ft. high Upright span scaffold to install drywall on ceiling of new com mercial building.  The narrow scaffold with 2 wheels and 2 base plates was place d on uneven gravel surface and no outriggers or railings were installed. A 3rd e mployee handed up an approx. 70 lb. sheet of sheetrock to the 2 employees on the scaffold when the scaffold tipped and both employees fell approx. 7 ft. onto th e gravel floor. EE#1 - Contact with gravel baserock when employees fell approx. 7 ft. from scaffold.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 9, 2021, an employee worked to assemble a crane. At some po int, the crane tipped over and the boom fell onto the employee. The employee rec eived crushing injuries to the head, chest and pelvis, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on January 15, 2021, Employee #1, a newly hired laborer employed by a waterproofing company, was engaged in waterproofing work at the construction site for two hotel/resort buildings.  She was tasked with mixing concrete in 5-g allon buckets.  The employee used a one-half-inch Dewalt Spade Handle Drill, Mod el DW130V, to mix the concrete.  The drill was missing the side handle, and the employee was operating the drill while wearing gloves.  The glove of her left ha nd became entangled in the chuck of the drill, and her pinky finger was partiall y amputated.  The employee was transported to the hospital for treatment of the finger amputation and released without hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	On October 17, 2007, Employee #1 was placing an aluminum extension ladder against the edge of a roof when the ladder contacted some overhead power lines. He was electrocuted. Employee #1 was the owner of a roof contracting company and was an experienced worker.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 1, 2022, an employee was loading road plates, when he was struck by a dozer.  The employee sustained severe body trauma and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	An employee of a self-storage facility was installing outdoor floodlights. Standing on a 6.1-meter-long fiberglass extension ladder with aluminum steps, he drilled a hole in a brick wall. (The hole was for electrical conduit.) After drilling the hole, he draped the electric drill's power supply cord over one of the ladder steps. As he descended the ladder, He received an electric shock, let go of the ladder, and fell to the metal surface on which the ladder was resting. The employee sustained a fracture to his left proximal tibia and required surgery for the insertion of a plate in his left knee. He remained hospitalized for 4 days. An electrical test of the drill revealed an open ground, and the inspection found that the receptacle to which the drill was connected was equipped with a ground-fault circuit interrupter that did not open the circuit.
fall_fatal	At 7:25 a.m. on August 28, 2017, an employee was walking on the top of a waste w ater treatment plant grit tank wall.  The employee fell from the top of the wall and landed head first on the ground made up of loose gravel and stone, sufferin g fractures to his head and skull.  The employee was hospitalized and later died from his injuries on August 29, 2017.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:54 p.m. on July 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at a residential remodeling project.  He had finished cleaning up mat erials on the roof and was climbing down a portable 24-foot extension ladder to the house's second floor.  The ladder was secured at its base with a 2 by 4 bloc k of wood, and it extended more than 3 feet beyond the roof.  As Employee #1 des cended, maintaining three points of contact, the lock on one of the rungs loosen ed, and the ladder began to retract.  Employee #1 felt the ladder shifting, and he jumped, a distance of approximately 18 feet.  Employee #1 fell into a ground hole and from there into a small drainage ditch.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for leg/foot fractures to his tibia and fibula.
fall_fatal	At 9:02 a.m. on June 7, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roofing company, were on the roof of a one-story commercial building and preparing for r e-roofing activity.  They had delivered roofing materials and were loading stack s of sheets together on the roof.  The wood surface gave way and Employee #1 fel l through the roof, a fall height of approximately 20 feet, and struck the concr ete surface.  Employee #1 sustained traumatic head injury and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:15 a.m. on July 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in renovation work at a residential structure.  He was assigned to p aint the roof eave.  Employee, carrying a paint bucket, #1 used an extension lad der to climb to the eave.  When he reached the top of the ladder, he was seen to make a clutching motion toward his chest.  Employee #1 fell from the ladder, a fall height of 12.2 feet, struck the back of his head on the ground, and was sev erely injured.  Employee #1 lost consciousness, although he later regained consc iousness.  Emergency services were called and transported the employee to the ho spital.  Employee #1 died that afternoon.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:15 a.m. on August 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a heavy construction co ntractor, was attempting to connect an electrode to a holder.  The electrode bec ame energized, and Employee #1 was shocked.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the elec trical shock.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 10, 2017, Employee #1, a driver, was cleaning the belt of a live bottom asphalt trailer. During this process, the employee's cleaning tool was pulled into the moving belt. The belt then pulled the employee's right hand into the moving belt, causing injuries to his hand.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on April 3, 2019, Employee #1 was initiating the arc-welding to the davit #6 (a Harkrader Gravity Davit), manufactured by Marine Safety Equipment C orporation in 1985.  The davit was located on the starboard side of the ship.  W hen he setup the welder near the bottom of the davit, the wire rope holding the davit arm in place broke in two and the davit arm went from the "stowed" positio n to the swung-out position.  When the wire rope broke, the davit arm swung down and struck the employee, killing him.   According to the testing done by the Sa lt lake City Technical Center, the wire rope failed due to the electrical curren t that passed through it resulting in an electrical arc, which allowed the davit arm to swing down.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee accessed a rood to install three vertical lifelines. The employee tied the lifelines around a chimney and at some point fell fifteen feet from the roof. The employee was hospitalized for a head injury and multiple, unspecified fractures.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on September 2, 2015, an employee and a coworker, bo th Spanish speaking, were engaged in interior renovation work of an existing two story residential building.  During the renovation process the employee and the coworker were insulating the attic and walls and installing and taping drywall. It is unknown why the employee accessed the attic and was attempting to turn t he HVAC unit on.  The installation of the HVAC unit was not yet completed.  The investigation determined that the employee, while trying to energize the HVAC un it with the use of extension cord, was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 8:15 p.m. on August 18, 2018, the employee was walking to a ladder while on a residential roof and had been preparing to climb down.  The employee unfastened his safety lanyard and lost his balance, falling off of the top roof and struck a lower roof during his fall to the ground.  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on May 17, 2018, Employee #1 was removing roof trusses by hand on a building that was being demolished. A sign for the building that was attached to the roof trusses, positioned in the middle of the building, fell onto the emp loyee, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on September 24, 2019, Employee #1 was cleaning up the worksite, a fter installing new exterior cladding (roofing shingles), during residential con struction.  Afterwards, Employee #1 then carried a ladder, in an extended and up right position, and came within (4 feet) of a high voltage, overhead power line. As a result, a conductive pathway for an (arc-flash) was provided between Empl oyee #1, the ladder and the high voltage, overhead power line and Employee #1 su stained electrical shock (electrocution), after the electrical arc-flash and die d instantly.
electrocution_fatal	On July 21, 2004, Employee #1 was troubleshooting for a fault in an electrical line when he contacted a 240-volt lighting circuit and was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on November 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was installing a metal roof at a commercial building.  He was working from a n extension ladder when the ladder kicked out and he fell, a fall height of 8 fe et.  Employee #1 struck the concrete sidewalk and sustained a concussion.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 5, 2018, Employee #1 was working on the edge of the road, installing a silt fence. During work, a passing dump truck drove over him. Emplo yee #1 was crushed by the wheels and weight of the truck. He suffered severe blu nt force trauma injuries, resulting in his death.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on September 26, 2008, Employee #1 was working on the restoration of a utility tower column in a coffer dam. He was using a gas powered partner saw to cut existing wood around a concrete column footing. He slipped in the mud and the saw blade amputated his left middle finger and injured his left ring finger. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 23, 2005, Employee #1 was installing electric service to a single-family house. He had excavated a hole around a Baltimore Gas and Electric pole to make the connection. He was working with the 240-volt service when he suffered an electric shock. Employee #1 was transported to Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center, where he was treated and released the same day. No physical burns were observed on his body.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:39 p.m. on March 20, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was painting the exterior of an existing two-story multifamily residential stru cture.  As he moved an aluminum extension ladder away from the structure, the wi nd caught the ladder, and the ladder made contact with a nearby primary electric al power line.  Electric current flowed through the ladder to the employee, who sustained an electric shock.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treatment was begun.  Employee #1 died from his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:14 p.m. on August 15, 2017, Employee #1 was working at a single family resi dential job site.  He was holding a Skilsaw circular saw and using it to cut lum ber.  Employee #1 sustained a deep laceration to his left wrist.  Emergency serv ices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admit ted and treated for the laceration.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on August 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project.  He was attempting to pain t the interior door jambs of an electrical box containing a live transformer tra nsmitting 23,000 volts.  Employee #1 was shocked and burned.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for electrical burns.
fall_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on August 7, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was erecting the framework for a two-story residential structure.  The employee , who had no fall protection, was working from the unguarded first floor deck wh en he fell off the edge.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on March 30, 2017, Employees #1, #2 and #3 were guid ing a metal light pole from its base to the ground. The three employees were usi ng a 4 feet cheater bar, inserted in bottom of the light pole and a coworker was pushing the light pole away from its concrete base.  As the employees were guid ing the light pole, the top portion of the light pole came in contact with a 7,2 00v overhead power line. All three employees received electric shock. Employee # 1 received burns to his hand and upper torso and was hospitalized. Employee #2 a nd #3 received burns to their hands and were not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:32 p.m. on December 2, 2021, an employee was backing a forklift out of a t railer after unloading pallets.  The employee's left leg became caught between t he forklift and the trailer door, resulting in a fractured left fibula and tibia .  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on April 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in roofing work at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story residential structure.  He was working from a ladder when he fell and struck th e concrete surface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transpo rted to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fall-related injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:21 p.m. on October 19, 2018, an employee was working as part of a crew erec ting scaffolding at a worksite. The employee was working on the second level wit h coworker #2 while coworker #1 was on the top level moving scaffolding componen ts. At some point, coworker #1 raised a diagonal brace into the air and made con tact with an energized, overhead, high-voltage wire. The contact with the high-v oltage wire energized the scaffolding and the employee was hospitalized for an e lectrical shock and burns to unspecified body parts.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on July 14, 2020, an employee had just finished unloading material from a truck. The employee placed the safety bars in the holes of the truck bed so they would stand up. There was an extra pallet left in the truck and the emp loyee had picked it up to secure it. The employee placed the pallet on the safet y bars.  As he lowered the pallet, his finger got caught in between the pallet a nd the top of the safety bar. The employee sustained an amputation to the right hand middle fingertip. The employee was treated but was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 30, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were painting the e xterior of a commercial building.  They were working on the first floor roof pai nting the trim along the second floor roofline.  They had accessed the roof usin g a portable extension ladder that extended approximately 36 inches above the ro of surface, but was not tied off or secured near the top of the ladder.  Employe e #1attempted to descend the ladder while carrying a 1 gallon paint can in one h and.  After he descended approximately four rungs, the ladder shifted, causing h im to lose his balance and fall approximately 15 feet to a concrete driveway.  E mployee #1 was hospitalized to treat fractures to his pelvis, right arm, leg, an d foot.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on July 16, 2014, Employee #1 was framing and sheathi ng at a residential construction site. Employee #1 was struck by lightning and d ied.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 3:15 p.m. on May 25, 2003, Employee #1, an electrician with Tai Heating and Air Conditioning, was installing new lighting and electrical systems on the second floor of a building undergoing renovations in Beverly Hills, CA. He went to the basement electrical room, where the transformer and main electrical panels for the breakers and electrical meters were located. Employee #1 wanted to test the systems he had installed on the second floor, so he decided to 'jump' the meter or connect the terminals of a meter base to a user without costs being incurred. He used 'bars' to connect the terminals' legs, but for some reason the legs crossed, or touched one another, resulting in a flash fire. Employee #1 suffered burns to his right hand and singe burns to his face; he fell to the floor and briefly lose consciousness. Paramedics responded and transported him to Cedar Sinai Hospital for treatment. Approximately two hours later Employee #1 walked back to the job site. The incoming power lines had 480 volts transformed to 277 volts, which energized various meter bases. Some bases in the building were already in use with meters running, while others did not yet have meters and were covered by cardboard or hard paper. Employee #1 stated that his 'jumping' of the meter was for test purposes only. An eyewitness stated that Employee #1 did not have protective gloves. During a subsequent interview at the work site, Employee #1 could not show the 'bars' or the pair of pliers he used to jump the meter base.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 p.m. on October 23, 2017, an employee was presumably walking on top of a wall and fell onto a concrete floor. There was no one else on site at that time . The employee sustained blunt force trauma to the head and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 28, 2018, an employee was installing trusses when he fell 1 3 feet and suffered a fractured skull and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 3:36 p.m. on August 16, 2021, an employee, a maintenance worker, and a cowork er, a temporary employee, were welding shelf brackets onto the wall of a warehou se. As the employees welded the brackets, slag from the welding ignited cardboar d on the floor in the area and on the legs of the metallic chairs stored in the warehouse. As the cardboard smoldered, the employees attempted to extinguish it with fire extinguishers. The employees then left the warehouse to get more fire extinguishers. The coworker went to the front parking lot and the employee went to the rear of the warehouse making his way to the second floor. As the employee made his way to the second floor balcony, he got trapped. When the coworker ret urned to the warehouse, he found the fire was out of control, being fed by the c ardboard on the furniture, the discarded cardboard on the floor and the wood in the warehouse. The coworker notified the management who called for emergency ser vices. While fire fighters were fighting the fire, the management performed a he ad count and notified them that the employee was not accounted for. Fire fighter s found the employee's body on the second floor balcony and pronounced him dead at the scene. The employee died due to asphyxiation and burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on February 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction-relate d services company, was performing electrical work.  He was terminating a ground wire onto a mechanical lug on the lower half of a 480-volt, 200-amp disconnect. When he loosened the mechanical ground lug, the ground wire came into contact with an energized A Phase at the top of the disconnect, which was not fully insu lated.  This caused an arc flash, and Employee #1 was burned.  Emergency service s were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for burns to his face and left hand.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on March 3, 2009, Employee #1, a repair mechanic, was using a Northfield Foundry and Machine Company Model 16-HD Jointer, Serial number A010109-A, without a push stick, to manufacture a shop aid for use on a nearby ripsaw that he was repairing. His left hand slipped, and the middle and ring fingers were amputated, as well as the tip of his small finger. No one witnessed the event, but several workers returning from lunch saw him standing there, holding his bloody hand. Employee #1 was taken to Superior Care Medical Center by his supervisor in a private car, after checking with the supervisor's manager for procedures. Superior Care could not help them and directed them to the Western Hand and Orthopedics Center, where Employee #1 was treated and released the same day, with several follow-up visits.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was using a battery-operated SkilSaw circular saw at a commercial building const ruction site.  The sawblade came into contact with three fingers on the employee 's left hand, causing lacerations.  The employee received medical treatment for the lacerations but was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:35 a.m. on December 7, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a road construction company, were filling potholes with asphalt along the shoulder of a highway.  A van veered onto the shoulder and struck Employee #1.  Emergency se rvices transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treat ed for multiple injuries to his body and head.
caught_nonfatal	At about 3:00 p.m. on June 19, 2013, an employee was working for a firm that manufactured pool supplies. He had been working as a regular employee for the employer for 10 years. The employer had 45 employees, and it was nonunionized. At the time of the incident, the employee was operating a Gorton 7-speed drill press, with Serial Number 15780, to make an 0.25-inch (6.35-millimeter) hole in a piece of steel plate. The steel plate had the dimensions 4 inches by 1 inch by 0.0625 inches (102 millimeters by 25.4 millimeters by 1.59 millimeters). The employee was wearing gloves while operating the drill press. The ring finger portion of the glove on his right hand got caught in the spinning drill bit, and the finger was amputated to the first knuckle. The injury was reported to the Division by the employer at 4:15 p.m. on June 19, 2013, and the investigation was initiated at 2:00 p.m. on July 8, 2013.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on March 12, 2014, Employee #1, a carpenter; Coworker #1, a foreman; and Coworker #2, a forklift operator, all employed by a carpentry contractor doing business as Titan Framing, were doing framing work to construct a garage at a residence. The front framed garage wall with a large header was lifted and set into place with the construction type all terrain forklift that Coworker #2 was operating. Employee #1 was sitting on the top of an existing side wall, and Coworker #1 was 24 feet away on the opposite side of the garage and holding the wall in place at ground level. Employee #1 placed one or two nails on his side into the top plate to connect the front wall to the side wall he was sitting on. Coworker #1, the foreman, then directed Coworker #2 to pull away the forklift. Coworker #1 let go of his side of the wall to grab more nails for his nail gun. As he took a step away from the wall, the wall started to fall. Coworker #1 tried to grab it, but the entire front garage wall fell to the ground. Employee #1, on the other side, was spun around as the wall he was sitting on shook. Employee #1 fell to the concrete slab floor of the garage, a fall height of 9 feet. As he landed, he was impaled on a .625-inch tall anchor bolt that became exposed when the front wall fell. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Mercy San Juan Hospital, admitted, and treated for a puncture wound to his back and bruising to internal organs. He remained hospitalized for four days. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by the employer on March 13, 2014. The subsequent investigation determined that the employer was a residential home framing contractor. The investigation included interviews with Employee #1 and Coworker #1.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on April 29, 2019, an employee was operating a forklift moving oliv e bins when he observed the olive shaker machine was not working because the bel t was slipping over the pulley. The employee used his right hand to pull down on the olive shaker machine's unguarded belt. The employee caught his hand in the belt and pulley partially amputating his right ring finger requiring medical tre atment.  The employee was not hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:05 p.m. on January 10, 2018, an employee and coworkers were erecting a tubu lar welded frame scaffold in front of a commercial building in order to repair t he top four feet of brick at the front of the building. The scaffold was erected four tiers high, near an energized, uninsulated power line (13.2 kV phase to ph ase). The minimum required clearance distance of 10 feet was not maintained.  As the construction of the scaffold was almost complete with only the last few pie ces of guardrail to be installed, the employee inadvertently contacted the power line with a 7-foot long piece of metal scaffolding.  The employee was electrocu ted as a result.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on July 10, 2017, Employee #1 was performing his routine work, oper ating the stand-up powered pallet Jack (Crown, Model No. PE4500-80, Serial No. 6 A330132). The employee had not successfully completed the training on the equipm ent. Employee #1 turned fast into the aisle, he crashed into a pallet in the rac k. His leg was pinned against the rack and he sustained a deep laceration to his left foot and ankle. The employee was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on October 7, 2021, an employee was removing debris from a sub roof while using an A-Frame ladder. The employee fell from the ladder and experience d trauma to the head, resulting in death.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:25 a.m. on August 23, 2018, Employee #1 was climbing a ladder and inadvert ently fell from the ladder to the ground level, landed and struck his head.  As a result, Employee #1 sustained a closed-head-injury and was then transported to a hospital for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on September 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was working at a residence.  He was standing on the fifth step of a ladder and p ainting a window when the ladder fell, causing the employee to fall.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for a dislocated and fractured right ankle.  The subsequent investigation determined that the ladder had not been secured.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 p.m. on August 13, 2020, an employee was removing a filter screen from a washer machine when he caught his right hand ring finger between the screen and the filter housing in the line of fire. The employee's finger was struck by the edge of the filter screen causing an amputation of his fingertip and requiring medical treatment.  The employee was not hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical service s company, was working from an aerial lift and changing light pole fixtures.  He moved too close to a live power line and sustained an electrical shock.  Emerge ncy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admit ted, and treated for third degree electrical burns.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 1, 2013, an employee was climbing a water tower ladde r. The employee was carrying a pressure washer hose and other equipment up the l adder when he fell 20 feet to the bottom of the water tower riser.  The employee sustained blunt force injuries to the head, ribs, lungs, liver, spleen, legs an d was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On August 9, 2005, Employee #1 and coworkers were lifting a double-wide mobile trailer with a truck crane. Six house cables, which were attached to the underside of a spreader bar, were lowered down from the top of the trailer so that three of the cables hung down on each side. They pulled the three cables hanging down on the north side of the trailer underneath and attached metal beckets to shorter cables hanging down from the spreader bar on the opposite side. This procedure formed a wire cradle underneath the belly of the trailer. During the lift of the trailer, Employee #1 and five coworkers were stationed around the sides. Employee #1 was holding a house cable in place over a small piece of pipe softener along the bottom edge of the I-beams. The rigging came within 10 ft of a power line and a wire rope lifting sling contacted the 48-kilovolt, 3-phase power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any in the power transmission field, was tracing an electrical line.  He opened a hand hole and received an electric shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for e lectric shock injuries to his torso.
electrocution_fatal	On August 25, 2004, Employee #1 arrived at a job site to prepare for pouring a concrete footing. He was extending the boom on a KVM 32xl pump truck and had a hard-wired control box around his neck when the boom contacted an overhead power line. Employee #1 ran and jumped from the back of the truck and fell to the ground, still wearing the control box around his neck. He was electrocuted and was pronounced dead at the scene.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on December 20, 2017, an employee was on the ground level when aske d by the site superintendent to join him on the roof of the building to assist i n installing steel decking. The employee climbed a ladder to access the roof. On ce on the roof the employee walked over to where the superintendent was fastenin g decking to the roof purlins. The employee fell through an insulation covered o pening to the concrete flooring below (a distance of sixteen feet). The employee sustained injuries to his head upon impact with the concrete floor and was kill ed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:10 a.m. on March 23, 2009, Employee #1, a carpenter, was working at a construction site. He was using a Dewalt table saw, Model Number DW744, to make a rabbet from a piece of wood that measured 2 inches by 4 inches by 18 inches. The rabbet was designed to measure 2 inches by 0.75 inches by 18 inches. As Employee #1 was cutting the piece of wood, it swerved causing his left hand to come in contact with the saw blade. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was hospitalized and treated for the amputation of his left middle finger and left ring pinky fingertip.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on January 1, 2017, Employee #1 was using a pressure washer to blast support angles inside a cargo tank for repainting. He had tappe d the dead man switch in the on position of the pressure washer. As he worked, E mployee #1 took a step backwards and tripped. He lost his footing and balance an d fell. The blast from the pressure washer struck his right leg, causing a deep laceration. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received t reatment and was then hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on November 3, 2017, an employee was on a ladder prepping for sidin g.  The employee lost his balance and fell.  The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 22, 2019, Employee #1 was changing the drill bit on the em ployer's Rockwell drill press.  The chuck key for the drill press was hanging on a chain that was attached to the drill press.  The employee placed the chuck ke y into the drill to make the bit change and inadvertently hit the start button w ith his right shoulder.  The drill press activated, and the chain wrapped around the employee's right index finger.  The tip of the right index finger was amput ated.  The employee received medical treatment for the partial amputation but wa s not hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On April 10, 2013, Employee #1 and a coworker were in a boom truck repairing a chimney when the basket came in contact with a 7,200 volt power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted and died at the scene.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on July 20, 2018, an employee was attempting to open a wooden crate of plate glass panels to be installed. When the crate opened, fifteen plate gla ss panels fell down onto the employee who received fractures to her femur and wr ist and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on October 1, 2014, Employee #1 was installing ductwo rk. He crawled into a tight space where gas pipes were running across the attic floor.  A junction box with faulty wiring coming into contact with metal ductwor k causing a neutral current to pass through someone in contact with both the duc twork and a ground path. The employee was electrocuted when coming into contact with the gas pipes and metal ductwork carrying a neutral current.  The metallic ductwork was lying across a junction box that did not have a neutral conductor. The neutral wire was tied to a bare wire that was poorly attached to the juncti on box.  Employee #2 tried to assist in pulling Employee #1 away from the worksp ace and touched the gas pipes for stability, and sustained an electrical shock.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 29, 2018, an employee was signaling the load movements of a hoisting machine attacked to a John Deere 210LE tractor.  The employee rea ched in with his right hand to adjust the strap that secured the load and his ha nd was crushed while the adjustment was completed.  The employee was transported to Kaiser Permanente Zion Medical Center, where he was admitted.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:24 p.m. on August 10, 2020, an employee was attempting to drive a Crown RC3 000 Series Stand-Up Powered Industrial Truck (PIT) onto a flatbed tow truck. As the employee drove the three wheeled PIT up the ramp, the hard smooth tires bega n began to lose traction on the diamond plate bed deck and the began to roll bac kward down the ramp. The PIT veered to the left and tipped partially off the tru ck bed. The employee  jumped from the PIT and when as he jumped, he pinned his l eft foot between the PIT and a metal guard pole that was cemented near the wareh ouse roll up door. The employee crushed his toes requiring hospitalization and l ater amputation of his 3rd and 5th toes.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 28, 2018, an employee was preparing to conduct ring out test phase of an electric cable. The employee took off the wrong set of phase ca bles that were energized. The employee than touched the continuity probe to ener gized the cable, resulting in an arc flash and causing burns to the employee's r ight face, arm and hand. The employee was hospitalized to treat the injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:51 a.m. on June, 21, 2011, Employee #1, a lineman with Pacific Gas & Electric Company, was restoring service to a street light. Employee #1 used a spreader to separate three transmission lines. Employee #1 made contact with the secondary transmission line and was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on March 24, 2016, an employee was unloading 5 gallon paint bucket s from a basket that was boomed up to the fifth level balcony via a JCB rough te rrain forklift.  The employee fell 50 feet and struck his head on the ground whe n the elevated work platform he was working on became unstable and rotated.
fall_nonfatal	On April 10, 2018, during a safety inspection on fall hazards in construction, E mployee #1 and a coworker, employed by a painting company, were working at a mul tiemployer construction project, a five-story commercial building.  Employee #1 was working from the top tier of a mobile scaffold and applying paint to the upp er walls and ceiling of the fourth floor.  His coworker assisted by pushing the scaffold to a new location.  While it was being pushed, a front scaffold wheel f ailed to move, and the scaffold tipped over.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 6 feet.  He injured his right shoulder and sustained lacerations to his head.
electrocution_nonfatal	An employee was on a 1.8-meter-tall stepladder working on a 277-volt lighting system. He apparently contacted energized parts and received an electric shock. The electric shock caused the employee to lose his balance and fall off the ladder. He landed on a portion of a steel frame on a concrete pad and sustained further injuries. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On September 2, 2011, Employee #1 was cutting a live 480 volt electrical wire from a junction box when he was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on June 7, 2017, Employee #1 was conducting roofing operations and picked up a piece of a plywood sheet that was covering a forty three inch by for ty eight inch roof opening/hole.  With the plywood sheet in his hands, Employee #1 stepped forward, not realizing that the opening was underneath the plywood an d fell approximately thirty one feet, seven inches through the unmarked/unsecure d floor hole.  Employee #1 suffered from contusion  to face, head, and right elb ow and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 1, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as flagging traffic at a highway construction zone.  She was wearing a Class 2 s afety vest and holding up her stop sign near the edge of the closed lane when a moving vehicle struck her.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  She was admitted with multiple fractures and inter nal injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on May 28, 2019, Employee #1 was unloading gypsum from a railcar. While releasing the railcar's brake, his foot slipped between the couplings and became caught between the two rail cars.  The employee was transported to the ho spital and admitted for treatment of crushing injuries to his foot.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 15, 2019, an employee directed concrete flowing down an "elephant trunk" from a plastic hopper situated on the raised forks of a forklif t. At some point, the hopper fell approximately nine feet from the forks and str uck the employee working below. The employee was taken to the hospital and admit ted to treat fractures to the left leg and shoulder.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on July 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, and Coworker #1 were engaged in trenching work at a multiemployer pipeline const ruction project.  Employee #1 was using a packing machine to pack dirt.  Employe e #1 was struck by the tracks of a backhoe operated by Coworker #1.  The backhoe was operating in reverse, and Coworker #1 did not have a visual of Employee #1. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured right leg and foot.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on October 24, 2017, an employee was operating a crane and was lif ting a metal plate.  The employee was adjusting the plate when it slipped from o ne hand and fell, crushing his left hand's middle finger.  Hospitalization was n ot required.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 p.m. on April 22, 2021, an employee worked to change lightbulbs. At som e point, the employee made contact with live electrical wiring and was killed by electrocution.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on December 21, 2021, an employee moved rebar from a work truck to their truck to drive it to the work site. While working, the work truck rolled backwards and struck the employee, who received a right leg (femur) fracture.  T he employee was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	On October 11, 2007, Employee #1, a painter, was standing at the top of a metal ladder and holding a shorter ladder on the roof that was being used as a work platform by a coworker. The roof was steep and the shorter ladder was anchored on a plumbing vent. Apparently, during a previous roof repair, a nail had been driven through metal flashing and into a 110 volt wire that ran over a roof truss instead of under it. The energized flashing electrified the gutter against which Employee #1's ladder was perched. When Employee #1 grasped the short ladder that was hanging on the grounded plumbing vent, a circuit was completed and he was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On July 30, 2004, Employee #1, was helping his brother, a contractor, with a partial renovation of the break room at 3 Springs Water Company in Laurel Run, PA. The contractor was not onsite when Employee #1 tried to move a 120-volt switch box from a temporary location to a wall near a door. As he was working he apparently touched an energized switch contact and was electrocuted. Employee #1 did not disconnect the power before starting the job. At the time of the accident, he had been laid off from his job and was helping out his brother as needed.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was preparing the roof for the re moval of old roof shingles and stepped through a skylight opening that was remov ed the previous week.  The employee fell 23 feet and was killed from blunt force head trauma when he struck the concrete floor.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 24, 2017, an employee was installing strips of bituminous waterproofing materials along the exterior edge of the building's eleventh floo r slab.  The employee had been standing outside of the guardrails and jumped dow n to a platform made up of multi-point suspension scaffolding.  The employee fel l 80 feet from the scaffolding to the concrete slab and the employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on March 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plastering and masonr y construction company, was engaged in exterior masonry work at a multiemployer construction project, a one-story residential structure.  He was connecting a co ncrete pump to the tow hitch of the transporting vehicle when the pump rolled to ward him.  Employee #1 was struck by the pump and caught between the pump and th e transport vehicle.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was hospitalized and treated for strains to both legs ' thigh muscles, fascia, and tendons.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 4, 2020, an employee was working to remove and replace pave ment markings. At some point, a vehicle operator departed the travel lane and en tered the closed work area where the employee was located. The vehicle struck an d killed the employee.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 28, 2020, an employee was welding on a dock section when it slipped off the welding table and pinched his finger between the section and the table. The employee was hospitalized to treat an amputation of the fingerti p and part of the finger nail.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on April 1, 2019, an employee helped to pour concrete on the secon d level of a parking garage. The employee attempted to lift a Fresno trowel with a five-foot handle, made contact with a thirteen thousand volt power line and w as electrocuted. The employee was hospitalized to treat injuries received.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 17, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a drywall constructio n company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story mult ifamily building.  He was working from a second floor wall and cutting drywall w hen he stepped backward and fell to the concrete floor below, a fall height of 9 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on May 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical transmission line construction company, was running new distribution lines onto new power po les.  He was preparing to transfer a power feed from an old phase line to a new phase line.  While connecting the jumper, there was an arc flash.  The employee sustained burns to his right forearm and stomach.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of the burns.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 3, 2017, Employee #1, part of a work crew employed by a co nstruction company, was working in a trench at a commercial building constructio n site.  He and his coworkers, in preparation for erecting a cinder block retain ing wall, were removing the trench's concrete protective walls.  One side of the trench collapsed, toppling onto and trapping Employee #1.  Emergency services w ere called and the fire department personnel were able to pull Employee #1 from the collapsed section of the trench.  They then transported him to the hospital. Employee #1 was admitted and treated for forehead lacerations, bruising, and t emporary loss of consciousness.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a demolition company, w as working at a multi-employer construction site, of a commercial building.  He was demolishing a first floor interior wall.  Electrical power in the building h ad not been shut off, and nearby electrical wires had current flowing through th em.  Employee #1's left arm came into contact with a conduit containing live ele ctrical wires, and he received a shock.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was treated for an electrical shoc k injury to his left lower arm.  During the subsequent investigation, it was det ermined that the electrical rating for the building was 120 volts/20 amps.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on March 18, 2019, Employee #1 was working at the construction site for a three-story building.  He was using a Rebar Straightener, DBR-25WH, to be nd a section of rebar.  The employee did not position his hand correctly on the straightener, and as a result he positioned the lever in the wrong direction.  T he employee's right middle finger became caught and pinched between the housing and the hook of the straightener and was amputated.  The employee was transporte d to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the amputation.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on December 15, 2021, an employee was attempting to set up air and electric hoses to start welding on a ship. The employee was exiting a manhole on to a scaffold to remove the hoses in order to place them in another work area. T he scaffold was missing planks and was tagged out of service. When the employee stepped onto the scaffold, he fell onto the walking surface of the ship. The emp loyee fractured his vertebrae and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on April 15, 2010, Employee #1 was driving a Hyster stand-up forklift (Model Number E35HSD, Serial Number A219N02768D) to park in Slot 4 of the charging area. Employee #1 was approximately 15 to 20 feet from Slot 4, when a coworker who had just parked his forklift, ran and pulled the battery plug off Employee #1's forklift. When the battery plug was removed, Employee #1's forklift was electrically deenergized, but continued to move.  Employee #1 panicked and tried to stop the movement of the forklift, but it continued moving. Employee #1's foot was out of the fork lift and got crushed between the angle-iron barrier of Slot 4 and the back frame of the forklift.  Employee #1 sustained amputation of his left toes. The employer was a kitchen and bath products distribution center.
fall_fatal	At 5:57 p.m. on April 14, 2021, an employee painted siding from an aluminum exte nsion ladder. At some point, the employee lost balance, fell approximately twent y-five feet, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 16, 2017, Employees #1 and #2 were working with coworker s to install a new wood pole for a single phase line. The power line was energiz ed. As the crew was setting the new pole, the primary phase broke and contacted the new pole. Employees #1 and #2 contacted the pole, sustaining an electric sho ck. Both were hospitalized for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was changing a 60-inch auger for an 18-inch auger on a Spiradrill LHD Series. The employee was working on the sleeve of the auger with a hammer while his le ft hand rested between the outer and the second Kelly Bar.  The hammering vibrat ions caused the outer Kelly Bar to come loose, and the employee's left ring and middle fingers were crushed, resulting in amputation.  The employee was hospital ized for treatment of the finger amputations.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on January 14, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was attempting to lift the stinger portion of a lowboy trailer to insert shim material.  The chain slipped off the trailer and struck the employee in the hea d.  The employee lost consciousness.  He was transported to the hospital and adm itted for treatment of the injuries.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on July 29, 2016, an employee hooked up the break airlines to a tra iler and went to perform the DOT required Driver Vehicle Report. The employee wa s performing the pre-trip DOT Driver Vehicle Report around the parked truck and trailer when he got pinned in between the wall and the trailer. The employee was crushed between the trailer and the wall by the chest area of the body and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 p.m. on June 18, 2015, an employee was flagging trucks entering the west bound lane of Interstate 80.  She would also flag oncoming motorist traffic to a ssist the trucks entering. The employee was struck by a Fed Ex truck that lost c ontrol. The employee was killed from multiple body injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 25, 2022, an employee worked on a roof to attach anchor points in preparation to lay roof paper. At some point, the employee slipped due to rainy and foggy conditions and fell approximately thirty feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat a head injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:03 a.m. on April 24, 2017, Employee #1 and two fixture installers were loc ated in the rear of a bobtail truck rearranging loaded pallets of fixtures that weighed 1,924 pounds. They moved pallet A to the edge of the bobtail and the cow orker moved with his pallet jack to the back of the bobtail behind pallet B to p repare to move it with Employee #1. Employee #1 pulled his pallet jack out of pa llet A and inserted it in pallet B. Employee #1 was between both pallets and he now had his back to the load he just moved.  Pallet A became unstable and fell o ver, pinning Employee #1 between Pallet A, the pallet jack, and Pallet B.  Emplo yee #1 pulled himself from between the two pallets; however, sustained injury to his right side the included damaged ribs, torso, severed colon, and a punctured right lung. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries. The incident investi gation attributed the incident to the use of improper equipment for unloading, l ack of employee training, overloading of pallets, and working on an inclined sur face.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 13, 2003, Employee #1, was alone on the sixth floor of a concrete warehouse in Los Angeles, CA, that was being converted to apartments. Steel reinforced shear walls were being put up to replace poured-in-place concrete. Employee #1 was standing on a 61 ft concrete balcony and was using a rope to hoist up a 20 ft long piece of rebar. The rebar had reached the balcony when, in tipping it, the rebar contacted a 34,500 volt electrical conductor that was 9 ft away and approximately even with the floor. At the same time, Employee #1 touched the building's concrete wall, which allowed the electrical charge to go to ground through the subsurface rebar in the concrete. This resulted in an arc blast. Employee #1 sustained first- and third-degree burns over 30 percent of his body, for which he was hospitalized. The balcony had steel guardrails, but the conductor, which was apparently made of twisted aluminum wires, was not insulated. At the time of the accident, the closest supervisor was on the fifth floor.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 8, 2018, an employee was working from an extension ladde r while painting a fascia board on the side of a private residence.  The employe e fell approximately 15 feet from the ladder and struck his head on the ground. The employee died a few days later from blunt force trauma injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 28, 2018, an employee was working on a roof installing s hingles. At some point, the employee fell ten foot from the roof and was injured . The employee received fractures and internal injuries to unspecified body part s.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was working at the construction site for a three-story multifamily residential build ing.  He was installing gas piping in the attic.  While attempting to extricate himself from a restricting area in the attic, Employee #1 made contact with an e nergized electrical circuit.  He was fatally electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:30 a.m. on May 24, 2018, an employee was dumping a 50 gallon trashcan into a trash bin with a forklift. When the employee tilted the mast of the forklift f orward, the trashcan did not come off of the forks. The employee proceeded to cl imb between the cab and mast when he accidentally came in contact with the tilt lever and was pinned, resulting in fractures to the employees back.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 4, 2018, an employee was performing roofing work and at some point fell through a roof opening created during the roofing repair operat ion. The employee fell fifteen feet and landed onto a CNC lathe machine and was hospitalized with a dislocated shoulder.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 p.m. on June 10, 2019, an employee was removing a metal part from a fix ture with a below-the-hook lifting magnet. The employee was guiding the part wit h her hand underneath the fixture when the part came off the magnet. The employe e's left middle fingertip was caught between the part and the fixture. The emplo yee was hospitalized with an amputation of the left middle fingertip.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 21, 2017, an employee was installing tiles on a new bal cony edition during some residential home remodeling construction.  The employee was on the edge of the balcony using a grinder when he lost his balance, grabbe d onto the edge of the balcony, and was hanging from his left hand while holding onto a Makita Power Grinder with his right hand.   The employee suffered lacera tions to his left hand, wrist, and forearm when he was struck by the grinder.  T he employee was transported to OC Global Medical Center and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:30 a.m. on January 1, 2022, two employees were reenergizing a three-phase o verhead high voltage line when an arc flash occurred when the street side phase was reenergized. Both employees suffered burns with one employee requiring hospi talization and the other employee was treated and released.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 16, 2018, Employee #1, a foreman employed by a constructi on company, stopped along a road to say hello to another crew of the employer's. The crew was using a 420 Backhoe with a 4 in 1 clam bucket to backfill an 18-i nch trench.  Employee #1 reached into the bucket to remove a piece of asphalt. The bucket closed on his right hand.  Emergency services were called, and Employ ee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for crushing injuries to his hand.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on February 9, 2018, an employee was walking across the work site a nd was struck by a steel column that was falling off of the skid steer forks.  T he employee suffered a fractured skull and broken neck which resulted in his dea th.
caught_fatal	At 8:18 a.m. on December 5, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in excavation work for a new road.  He became caught between a ba ckhoe and a dump truck and was crushed.  Emergency services transported the empl oyee to the hospital, where he died.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on May 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s engaged in carpentry work at the site of a residential remodel.  He was operat ing a Skilsaw power saw and making a cut on the frame of a door opening.  The sa w blade hit a knot and kicked up, striking Employee #1's left index finger, whic h was positioned along the edge of the door frame.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for an avulsion injury to the finger's nail bed.
struck_fatal	At 11:55 a.m. on March 26, 2018, Employee #1 was using a Raymond stand-Up forkli ft to remove material from a cantilever rack storage system. During work, Employ ee #1 inadvertently backed into another racking system, causing it to collapse a nd fall onto Employee #1. Employee #1 suffered blunt force trauma to his abdomen and chest, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on October 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a site preparation co nstruction company, was engaged in traffic control along a parkway.  He was flag ging a vehicle operator when he was caught and pinned between two trucks.  The e mployee was transported to the hospital for treatment of a fractured pelvis.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 23, 2017, Employee #1 was using a hand-held angle grinder t o grind out the aged grout between bricks located on an exterior wall. The emplo yee was working off of a swing stage scaffold that was positioned such that it w as inserted into a notch in the structure that was big enough for the scaffold. As the employee worked to grind the grout on the wall along the end of the scaf fold, he reached around the motor that raises and lowers the scaffold, and unint entionally depressed the button that raises the scaffold. Employee #1's body bec ame pinched between the scaffold motor and the side of the structure. The employ ee lost consciousness and sustained a bruised chest. Employee #1 was hospitalize d for his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 1, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in exterior carpentry at a residential structure.  He was standing o n a ladder when he fell.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured ankle.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 5, 2018, Employee #1, a journeyman lineman employed by a c onstruction company, was removing de-energized transmission lines.  The de-energ ized conductor he was handling came into contact with an energized, 12-kilovolt distribution line.  Employee #1 was shocked and burned.  Emergency services tran sported him to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for electric shoc k and burn injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On July 26, 2004, Employees #1 and #2 were using an aluminum extension ladder to paint the front of a church/meeting house and the box on the roof. Running parallel to the side of the building was an approximately 32 ft 10 in. tall overhead power line. The phase closest to the building, called the field side phase, was approximately 10 ft from the edge of the roof. Employees #1 and #2 had finished for the day and they were starting to take down the 35 ft tall ladder when it contacted the approximately 13.8 kilovolt power line, acting as a path to ground. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2 fell backward and sustained a contusion to the back of his head; he also suffered burns on his feet. Both workers were transported to Danbury Hospital, where Employee #1 was pronounced dead on arrival. Employee #2 was hospitalized for treatment of his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On October 12, 2021, an employee was operating a reach lift truck. The employee lost control of the vehicle and tried to stop the accident with his hand outside of the compartment.  His hand was crushed between the racking system and the li ft truck. The employee was hospitalized to treat a laceration on his right hand.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on April 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a residential construction project.  As he climbed an 8-foot lad der while holding a box of flooring adhesive, he lost balance, fell, and struck the concrete surface.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospit al, where he was admitted and treated for fractures to his left hip and left wri st.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:00 p.m. on December 6, 2014, Employee #1 was walking from a l adder access point on a roof when he fell through an unprotected skylight and wa s killed.
caught_nonfatal	Employee #1's hand was caught between two metal pipes, and suffered no serious injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny at a multiemployer construction project, the demolition of a multifamily resi dential complex, was engaged in demolition and siding work on the second floor o f a building.  He fell, a fall height of approximately 20 feet.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on November 1, 2018, an employee was working to pour concrete into forms. At some point, the boom from a concrete truck pump broke away and fell o nto the employee. The employee was hospitalized for a back fracture and severed spine.
fall_fatal	At 7:45 a.m. on November 12, 2016, an employee was rolling and cutting a rubber membrane.  While walking backwards, the employee stepped into an unguarded skyli ght and fell approximately 23 feet to the concrete floor.  The employee was kill ed from multiple injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 18, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a painting company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a reside ntial building.  Employee #1 was working from the basket of a JLG aerial lift an d painting the building's exterior fascia.  Coworker #1 moved the lift basket, a nd the lift came into contact with a 13.2 kilovolt power line.  Employee #1 sust ained an electric shock and burns.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electric s hock and burns to his head and hands.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 17, 2014, an employee was installing Exterior Insulation Fi nishing System (EIFS) on the garage of a residential structure. The employee, a 36 year old male drywall installer, was working from a baker style scaffold. The fatal accident was witnessed by the employee's coworker. The coworker stated th at the scaffolds platform fell while the employee was sanding the EIFS, causing the employee to fall and strike his head against the end frame. The coworker st ated that the platform was less than five feet off the ground. Emergency personn el were summoned to the scene however, the employee refused treatment. The emplo yee went home for the day. The employee's friend called emergency personnel agai n that evening; however, the employee once again refused treatment. The employee 's friends transported the employee to the hospital after the employee complain ed of headaches and began to vomit. The employee was admitted to the hospital wh ere he died on June 29, 2014 as a result of a subdural hematoma.
fall_fatal	At 6:48 a.m. on April 12, 2017, an employee who worked for a towing company lost his balance and fell over an overpass, striking his head upon the ground.  The employee was killed from head injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 5, 2018, Employee #1, a framer, and Coworker #1, a labo rer, employed by a construction framing company, were working at a two-story res idential construction project.  They were stacking 4-foot by 8-foot wood boards onto two A-shaped wood brackets nailed onto the building's lower roof, in prepar ation for the boards being accessed by roofers.  Coworker #1 stood inside a wind ow opening and handed the boards to Employee #1 on the roof's overhang.  As Empl oyee #1 stacked 15 to 20 boards onto the support brackets, the stack tipped over , and the right support bracket collapsed onto Employee #1's left leg.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to his left lower leg bones.  Employee #1 re quired surgery and four days of hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 19, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, was engaged in rehabilitation work at a commercial building.  He was working fro m a JLG 2632ES scissor lift and installing 24 feet by 2 inches wood rafters.  Th e employee fell, a fall height of 15 feet.  He was transported to the hospital a nd admitted for treatment of a head injury.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 10, 2021, an employee worked to remove and install PBR metal panels. At some point, the employee fell approximately twenty feet throug h a roof opening, received severe head trauma, and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 7:45 a.m. on July 11, 2016, an employee was working as a supervisor for a ste vedoring outfit. He was standing by near a loading operation. A forklift operato r was loading a cargo container. One load was a bale of recycled cardboard. It w eighed approximately 454 kilograms (1,000 pounds). The forklift operator apparen tly lost control of the load, and it fell on top of the supervisor. The employee was transported to a hospital. He later died as result of the injuries he susta ined in the incident.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on November 10, 2008, Employee #1, a general manager of a retail store, was assisting a forklift operator in moving an old and unused Chicago brake press into an adjacent storage shed. The employer is a family owned and operated business engaged in handling residential Plumbing and HVAC repair/ maintenance service. The brake press measured 72 inches long by 36 inches wide, by 53 inches high and weighed 1,200 lbs. The forklift being used for the relocation of the brake press was a Genie forklift, Model Number GTH-5519, and it was being used in the upright position. As the forklift operator was lifting the top portion of the press with its forks, while Employee #1 was holding its sides, the brake press slipped and fell backward on Employee #1's left hand. His left hand became pinched between the presses inactive dies, degloving his left pinky finger and partially amputating his left middle and ring fingers. Emergency services were contacted and Employee #1 was taken to Loma Linda University Medical Center in Loma Linda, CA, where he underwent surgery for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:00 p.m. on July 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a computer-related sales and service company, was troubleshooting an inoperative electrical generator at a retail store.  The power switch was in the auto position, and the battery pro viding start-up power was connected.  The motor started unexpectedly, and Employ ee #1's right hand was severely cut.  Emergency services were called, and Employ ee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the full amputation of his right hand's index finger, middle finger's tip, and laceratio n of the ring finger.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on June 23, 2015, Employee #1 was removing a metal c ap from a pressurized pipe. The metal cap flew out and struck Employee #1 in the chest, killing him.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on February 2, 2019, an employee was moving a walkie pallet jack an d pinned his ankle between the jack and pallet, fracturing it.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 A.M. on February 10, 2015, Employee #1 was carrying shingles across the roof, when the employee slipped and fell approximately 35 feet. Employee #1 was killed from head trauma from the fall.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 5:45 a.m. on May 28, 2021, an employee removed a crown electric pallet jack from the recharging area. The employee put the pallet jack into "co ast mode" and rode the pallet jack. The employee turned the throttle in the wron g direction and the pallet jack began to speed up. The employee jumped off the p allet jack. The employee's right foot was pinned between the pallet jack and a g uardrail. The employee fractured his right ankle and was hospitalized for these injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on May 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working in a trench at a job site.  He was removing the plug from a pipe when the trench collapsed.  A slab of dirt measuring approximately 3 feet by 16 feet struck and entrapped Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a separate d shoulder.
struck_fatal	At approximately 7:30 a.m. on November 21, 2016, Employee #1 was shrink wrapping a pallet of material when the forklift tipped over.  The overhead guard crushed his head and he was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on February 5, 2018, an employee was on top of a 9 foot wooden fram ed wall in a building that was under construction and was nailing braces on the top portion of the wall to the plumb wall.  The employee turned to nail the next brace, lost his balance, and fell from the wall to the floor, landing on top of his hammer.  The employee was hospitalized with lower back pains and a sprained left hand.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on June 26, 2015, Employee #1 was in an unprotected e xcavation measuring approximately 20 foot long by 6 foot wide with varying depth s of 6 to 10 feet. He was to locate and terminate a sanitary sewer line which wa s in the deepest area of the trench.  The trench collapsed and covered him from his chest down.  Employee #1 died of asphyxiation.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on February 5, 2019, two employees (Employee #1 and Employee #2) wo rked to install trusses when, while guiding a truss being lowered into place, th e truss the employees were attached to fell and pulled the employees down. The e mployees fell approximately eleven feet off the roof and were hospitalized. Empl oyee #1 was treatment for fractures to the head and Employee #2 was treated for fractures to the ribs.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:05 p.m. on March 11, 2019, an employee was working for a general line groce ry merchant wholesaler. He was operating a Raymond model number 8410 standup or ride electric pallet jack to select orders. While on his route, he turned his em pty electric pallet jack into dry side aisle number 55. He was headed in north d irection. Also in that aisle was a pallet jack with a load, which was also heade d in the north direction. A coworker had stopped the jack with the load at the s outh end of aisle number 55. The employee steered his empty pallet jack to the r ight of the stopped pallet jack. He was operating the pallet jack "at a safe spe ed." His pallet jack struck a 250-millimeter-high (10-inch-high) floor-mounted p ipe guard rail and its mounting base and bolts. The pallet jack made an abrupt s top, and the employee fell from his position to the concrete floor. His left leg became caught between the jack and an east side rack in aisle 55. He suffered a fractured lower left leg. He was hospitalized for two or more days.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on May 25, 2016, an employee climbed a ladder and handed the owner of the company on the roof some tools.  He then began descending down a 40-foot metal extension ladder (no manufacturing label).  The employee fell 25 feet to t he ground from the ladder and was killed as a result of multiple blunt force tra uma to the face, arms , and body.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 3, 2018, an employee was using the bucket of an excavator to disassemble a trench box.  After instructing workers to remove the pins from the trench box and then to stand back, the employee  maneuvered the bucket of th e excavator to grab hold of the trench box side shield to release its spreaders. All the side shields, except for one, hit the ground. The side shield that rema ined in its receiver,  caused the spreader to pop back up and strike the excavat or's window. The employee was hit in the chest by the spreader, suffering severe injuries that resulted in his death.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 20, 2008, an employee, a journeyman lineman, was working on an electrical line. He was preparing to remove the capacitor for replacement. The employee utilized the bucket truck and opened the doors on the capacitor. The next step was to disconnect the risers. This was not accomplished. Instead, the employee entered the minimum approach distance without appropriate protective gear. He reached up and took a hold of the capacitor in order to loosen the bolts for removal. The capacitor discharged and sent 7400K volts through the employee's right hand, across his body and out his left hand. He was wearing leather gloves which were not approved for this type of work. His hands were burned severely. The employee was airlifted to the OSU Hospital. As a result of the injury, the employee's right and left arms were amputated at the shoulder.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 8, 2017, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by an elec trical services company, were engaged in electrical work at a job site.  They we re hooking a phase tester to live wires when a 4,160-volt arc flash occurred. Th e three workers sustained electrical burns.  The workers were treated at the hos pital for their burns, and Employees #1 and #2 required hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 21, 2014, Employee # 1, using a 24 foot extension ladder , carried a circular saw up to the roof level of a residential construction site .  The circular saw was used to trim the plywood off of the front gable end of t he roof.  The employee was sitting on his buttocks with his legs and feet in fro nt of him, six feet from the ridge of the roof near the front gable end. A cowor ker climbed up the ladder and noticed that the circular saw had started to slide down the roof. The coworker yelled to Employee #1 to alert him of the falling s aw.  Employee # 1 tried to grab the saw and started to slide down the roof and c ould not stop.  The employee fell 18 feet from the south eave of the roof onto t he bed of a pickup truck and then onto the compact soil.  Employee #1 was killed from fractures, contusions and lacerations to his head and abdomen.  There was no fall protection provided by the employer.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 24, 2010, Employee #1 and a coworker were working in the blade isle of an energized sub-station that had an exposed 7200 volt switch section. The coworker was working from a ladder installing conductors in a terminal box, when he began experiencing an electrical shock. The coworker then came down and requested help from Employee #1. Employee #1 ascended the ladder and began to troubleshoot the issue. While troubleshooting the issue, Employee #1 was struck by an electrical arc flash, causing second and third degree burns to his hand, arm, chest and face. He was transported to a medical center, where he was hospitalized for the burns.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on January 19, 2017, an employee improperly crossed a road and was struck by an unrelated commercial vehicle.  The employee sustained blunt force t rauma to the body and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 1, 2017, an employee was supervising a coworker who was unloading some stone material from a frameless dump trailer, when another cowor ker that was operating a bulldozer backed into him. The employee's lower left le g was crushed, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
electrocution_fatal	On May 4, 2006, Employee #1 was clearing brush and trees from underneath a 12,470-volt, three-phase power line while a coworker used a chainsaw to cut the vegetation. They were working near a guy that was supporting a nearby power pole and was only anchored by being wrapped around a downed log. This wire was not connected to either of the two power pole grounds, nor was it equipped with any electrical continuity isolating device. Employee #1 either slipped and grabbed onto the guy or fell onto it, causing it to contact a "leg" off one of the three phases. The electric current caused electrical burns across Employee #1's chest. He was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:40 p.m. on April 21, 2015, an employee was measuring a metal beam loaded on a truck when the crane operator swung the boom into overhead power lines.  The employee was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on August 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contract or, was climbing down the steel structure of an electrical transmission tower af ter completing the assigned work.  The employee was using a fall protection harn ess with two pelican clips.  He later reported that he was on the lower level of the tower, had clipped the bottom clip, and was reaching up to disengage the to p clip when he fell, a fall height of 25 feet.  The employee was hospitalized to treat multiple fractures to the back.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on September 24, 2018, an employee was operating a stand-up industr ial truck while stocking shelves.  The employee dropped a load on the floor and put his forklift into reverse, pinning himself between the bottom shelf and the operator's compartment.  The employee lacerated his spleen, sustained several br uised ribs, and punctured his lung.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on May 14, 2019, an employee was performing a 10-year conductor tes t on 13.8 Kilovolt feeder cables. A coworker opened an energized cabinet instead of the cabinet which had been deenergized and the employee failed to verify de- energization. The employee cut back some insulation and made contact with the li ve conductor and was electrically shocked. The employee was lost consciousness b ut was revived by a coworker and EMTs. He was hospitalized for approximately 3 w eeks and later had to have his right pinkie finger amputated.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:16 p.m. on July 9, 2020, an employee was baling Bermuda grass using a Case IH 115 Tractor and a Hesston 4690 Baler. The employee was operating the tractor when it became stuck. The employee pulled a bent part of the rotator to put it b ack in place when a metal piece broke off and hit his eye. The employee was hosp italized to treat the eye damage.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 p.m. on July 24, 2019, an employee was wrapping pallets. The employee ha d dismounted the Nissan MCPL02A25LV forklift. The employee did not set the brake in place to prevent movement. The forklift started rolling and pinned the emplo yee against a truck. The employee fractured his pelvic bone and was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_fatal	An employee fell into a mortar mixer used by block layers and was killed by the rotating paddles.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on September 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construc tion company, was engaged in forming work at the construction site for a one-sto ry residential structure.  He was spraying a form with form oil when the hose be came wrapped around his foot.  Employee #1 lost balance and, as he  reached acro ss the form rack to regain balance, his fingers became pinched/caught in the for m rack.  Employee #1 began to fall, a fall height of approximately 5 feet.  As h e fell, a rack hook caught his bicep and ripped it open to the forearm.  Emergen cy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He wa s admitted and treated for a laceration to his left arm with severed nerves in t he bicep down to the forearm.  During the subsequent investigation, it was deter mined that this injury occurred during Employee #1's third day working for the e mployer.  This was Employee #1's first time performing this procedure.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:48 p.m. on October 20, 2020, an employee and coworker were installing a new sign to the outside of a building. The employee had stepped or slipped from a j oist onto a ceiling plank that failed and caused the employee to fall approximat ely twenty-five feet through the ceiling. The employee was killed by blunt force trauma to the head and unspecified internal injuries received.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 p.m. on August 13, 2020, an employee was removing a filter screen from a washer machine when he caught his right hand ring finger between the screen and the filter housing in the line of fire. The employee's finger was struck by the edge of the filter screen causing an amputation of his fingertip and requiring medical treatment.  The employee was not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 11, 2019, Employee #1 was in a 15-foot deep excavation, kn eeling down at the end of a pipe and setting a target for the pipe laser prior t o the installation of a storm sewer.  As he attempted to line up the laser beam, the excavation, consisting of stiff clay, collapsed.  Employee #1 was caught in the cave-in.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, wher e he was admitted for treatment of a shattered pelvis, nine fractured ribs, a fr actured shoulder, and a double lung collapse.
electrocution_fatal	On August 18, 2009, Employee #1, a construction worker, and other two crew members were installing a 230-ft television cable line in a residential neighborhood. Employee #1 was working from an aerial lift, which was mounted on a truck. During the course of work, Employee #1's hard hat made contact with an overhead 7,200-V power line. Employee #1 was exposed to an electrical shock and was killed. Neither the aerial lift nor the hard hat was rated for the work on or near the electrical power lines. The lift had a number of stencils advising on hazards associated with overhead power lines.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 7, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a framing contractor, were working at a multiemployer construction site for a new three-story residential building.  The second-floor walls had not yet been rais ed, and the three employees were working on the second floor and performing wood framing.  An extension ladder extended from the first floor to the second floor .  Employee #1, employed as a fulltime payroll employee, fell, either from the s econd floor or from the ladder, a fall height of 10 feet.  His back and head str uck the first floor's concrete surface.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for his f all-related injuries, but he died the following day at the hospital.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on November 8, 2016, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were stringing a new fiber-optic cable.  Employee #1 was working from the bucket whe n a high tension guy wire to nearby utility pole fell and come into contact with a 12kV distribution line as well as the bucket truck, energizing the trucks fr ame.  Employee #1 fell out of the bucket and landed on the ground.  Employee #2 went to help Employee #1 and was electrocuted when he came into contact with the trucks energized frame.  Employee #1 was transported to an emergency hospital where both of his arms were amputated.  Employee #2 was pronounced dead at the s cene.
fall_fatal	At 7:15 a.m. on July 6, 2018, Employee #1 was releasing the crane to the steel s tructure. The steel structure collapsed, and Employee #1 and Employee #2 fell fr om the structure. Employee #1 was killed and Employee #2 was hospitalized with a broken back and fractured leg.
fall_nonfatal	On February 17, 2017, an employee was unloading automobiles from a car hauler tr ailer. The employee was standing on the top level nearest the truck tractor when he miss-stepped and fell off the side of the trailer falling approximately 8 fe et, landing on the pavement. The employee suffered a fractured foot and left sho ulder, damage to tendons in the left knee, dislocation of the left shoulder and possible neck injury. The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries .
struck_fatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on September, Employees #1 and #2 were mixing concre te in a slurry mixer against the inside parapet wall of the east bound lane of t he Bong Bridge which spans the St. Louis river between Superior, WI and Duluth, MN. The East bound lanes were closed to both pedestrian and vehicular traffic. T he slurry mixer, employees were using was located next to the centerline parapet . The Caterpillar, TL943 tele handler was traveling west bound in the east bound lanes, at a slight downward grade from the center of the bridge. The tele handl er was carrying approximately 50 bags of Portland cement weighting 92.6 lbs. eac h, for a total weight of 4,630 lbs. A 3-ft. walking bridge section, weighing app roximately 50 lbs. that was used for personnel to stand on while tining and broo ming of concrete, that was placed on top of the pallet of Portland cement by the powered industrial vehicle operator. The bridge section was going to be deliver ed to the overlay machine operators for use in the placement of the bridge deck surface. Employees #1 and #2 were struck and by the powered industrial vehicle. The powered industrial vehicle ran over the torso of Employee #1, killing him. Employee #2 received injuries which did not result in hospitalization. The opera tor of the powered industrial vehicle had a previous injury which happened Septe mber 1, 2015 on the project and his right hand and wrist were placed in an immob ilizing brace with doctors restrictions for no use of the right hand for four to six weeks. The Minnesota State Patrol noted that it was sunny with maximum visi bility at the time of the incident, the road way was dry and there was a light w esterly wind.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on October 26, 2016, three workers were working to hang Densi Glas s, a sheetrock type of material. Employees #1 and #2 were working from a scaffol d that was approximately eight feet high, and Employee #3 was handing them mater ial from below.  During work, the scaffold tipped over, landing on Employee #3 a nd causing Employee #1 and Employee #2 to fall. All three employees were hospita lized for non-life threatening injuries that consisted of a bruised knee, a conc ussion, and a fractured rib.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on February 17, 2022, Employee #1 was preparing to install concentr ic vent caps. Employee #1 stepped onto the roof and slipped on the icy surface o f the roof causing the employee to fall 29-feet to the ground below. Employee #1 was hospitalized and treated for multiple impact injuries from the fall.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on July 29, 2011, an on-site inspection of a construction site was conducted as a result of a report from an unspecified source of an electrocution that occurred. However, it was determined the deceased was not an employee of either party involved.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on February 19, 2019, an employee was working from an aerial bucket while completing some overhead electrical work and came into contact with some energized components.  The employee sustained burns to his arms, which were ampu tated later.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 25, 2022, Employee #1 and Employee #2 who worked as Linewo rkers were tensioning a guy wire with their hands. The utlity pole shifted and t he guy wire came into contact with energized lines below the guy insulator. Empl oyee # was killed and Employee #2 was hospitalized to treat electrical burns.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m., on Mach 3, 2013, an employee was working as a sweeper at food store. The employee attempted to remove a mass of cheese which became lodged near a sprocket gear. His finger made contact with the sprocket gear which was operating at approximately 1,750 rpms. The employee's finger was amputated; however, he was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 6:30 p.m. on November 7, 2016, a 64 year old male truck driver (Employee #1) was uncoupling his tractor from the trailer.  He had completed the process of disconnecting his air lines and his electrical line and lowering his landing gear on the trailer.  There was another semi-truck in the parking spot next to Employee #1.  When the driver of the other truck started to pull ahead, he felt a bump.  He stopped immediately, set the truck and trailer brakes, got o ut of the truck and saw Employee #1 under the drive tandems on the passengers s ide of his truck.  Employee #1 was killed from severe head and chest trauma.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 2, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a concr ete construction contractor, were engaged in end-of-workday equipment disassembl y and clean up at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story multifamily residential structure.  Employee #1 was holding the nozzle and hose portion of s hotcrete equipment, and Coworker #1, the company foreman, was hammering on the h ose to remove a clog.  When Coworker #1 struck the clog, an air pocket unexpecte dly released a spray of shotcrete from the nozzle.  The spray struck Employee #1 .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al.  He was admitted and treated for abrasions and burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 21, 2009, Employees #1 and #2 were painting an apartment complex. While working from a ladder to paint various levels of the apartment building, the ladder they were using came into contact with an overhead electrical power line. Both Employees #1 and #2 were electrocuted. Employees #1 and #2 were initially taken to UT Hospital for treatment, but were soon transferred Vanderbilt Hospital, where they were hospitalized and treated for electric shock.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 18, 2017, an employee was stripping a temporary work pla tform over the elevator shaft on the 2nd floor. The temporary work platform coll apsed while the employee was on it. The employee did not have fall protection an d fell about 23 feet from 2nd floor to cellar level and died.
caught_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on April 2, 2021, an employee was repairing an airline on a coworke r's semi truck when he he instructed the coworker to raise the fifth wheel. The coworker got in the cab, revved up the engine, and noticed too late that the tru ck moved forward enough to hit the other employee who was walking between her tr uck and his truck's nose. The employee was caught between the two trucks and kil led.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on July 22, 2020, an employee and a coworker were packing the site camp by placing things on the flatbed truck. The side boom arm of the Caterpilla r 583 pipelayer came down on the employee and a coworker. The employee was admit ted and treated at the hospital for fractured ribs and a fractured shoulder.
fall_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on November 21, 2019, Employee #1 was conducting maintenance/repair operation (e.g.,  removing planking) while standing on a scaffold, during a res idential construction project.  At this time, Employee #1 then fell approximatel y 24 feet from the scaffold to a lower level and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 7:30 p.m. on February 25, 2016, an employee who just arrived at the worksite was exiting a truck, slipped on ice, and struck his head on the asphalt parking lot.  Following the incident, the employee told co-workers about the incident an d said did not feel well.  The employee was admitted to the hospital, developed a coma, and died March 15, 2016, from blunt force trauma to the head.
caught_fatal	At approximately 4:00 a.m. on September 7, 2016, an employee was attempting to h ook up a tractor switcher, to a trailer. The employee was caught between the tra iler and the tractor. The employee received crushing injuries to his chest and w as killed.
electrocution_fatal	On September 25, 2009, an employee was repairing a pump when he came into contact with an energized wire and received an electrical shock. The employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 10:50 a.m. on August 24, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a conc rete construction company, were working at a multi-employer project, the constru ction of a hospital building.  They were in the process of lifting and repositio ning a pre-cast concrete column form, designated north side panel, using a tower crane operated by the coworker.  Employee #1, the crew foreman, was tied off to another concrete form, designated west side panel.  The two forms had been conn ected by pins, and all the pins but one had been removed.  The one pin inadverte ntly remaining continued to connect the two panels.  As the crane lifted the nor th panel approximately 3 inches to adjust its position, the remaining connecting pin broke free, which caused the west panel to twist and fall with Employee #1 still tied to it.  The panel fell on top of Employee #1, and Employee #1 was cru shed between the panel and a generator.  Employee #1 initially tried to talk and get up, but later that day he died from the crushing injuries.
fall_fatal	At 7:55 a.m. on July 31, 2020, an employee was unloading a drywall box sitting o n the elevated forks of a rough terrain forklift. At some point, the box and the employee fell twenty-three feet from the forks with the box landing on top of t he employee. The employee was killed by unspecified blunt force trauma injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 6:15 a.m. on March 15, 2017, an employee was raising a canopy tarp from a dum p trailer and was using a switch located on the rear outer cab wall of the truck .  The employee was electrocuted when the canopy came into contact with an overh ead 19.9K volt power line.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 15, 2019, Employee #1 was unloading pallets containing 40 t o 50 pound bags of fertilizer with a forklift. The employee clipped the lower pa llet of fertilizer with the forklift, causing the bags to rip and the fertilizer to begin to spill out. Employee #1 bent down in front of the pallet with the br oken bags and started taping them. As the fertilizer on the lower pallet continu ed to spill out, the upper pallets were undermined and fell over, crushing and k illing the employee.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 p.m. on June 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was part of a work crew operating in a highway work zone.  He was the designated flagger and providing road protection when he was struck by a motor vehicle.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was declared dead at the scene.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:59 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was delivering material to a cust omer and was standing the back of a tractor trailer.  The employee was unloading a 3 by 20 foot metal steel grate weighing about 1,600 lbs that was leaning agai nst the side wall of the trailer.  The employee was struck by the grate when it fell over and damaged his knee.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	On February 16, 2010, an employee was tying to main water line for new housing being built for the Kickapoo tribal elders. The main water line was 17-20 feet underground. The walls of excavation were straight vertical without protective devices and without sloping/shoring. The reported initial excavation was 17-ft deep and 8-ft by 8-ft square. The walls of the trench collapsed, trapping and killing the employee.
fall_fatal	At approximately 6:45 p.m. on September 8, 2014, a roofer employee was working w ith the employer and a coworker performing a routine roof repair. The employee f ell approximately 15 feet from the roof and received serious injuries. The emplo yee was transported to a local hospital where he died on October 2, 2014, as a r esult of the multiple injuries sustained in the fall which included brain and sp inal cord injuries. There were no witnesses to the fatal incident.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on March 21, 2017, an employee was removing and repla cing damaged exterior vinyl siding J-channel. The employee was working from an e xtension ladder 18 feet above grade suffered an epileptic seizure. He fell from ladder to ground and suffered a fracture to the T-8 vertebrae. Employee was tran sported to hospital and underwent surgery where spinal fusing was performed. The employee was hospitalized and was expected to make a full recovery with no loss of bodily function.
caught_fatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on April 10, 2017, an employee was putting work tools away inside a storage container onsite.  He was locking the door of the storage container. A bull dozer operator was waiting for the employee to lock a storage container so he could pull the machine up to the locked doors.  This was the co mpany's practice to keep people from breaking into the storage container. The bu lldozer operators foot accidently slipped off the brake because his boot was co vered in mud.  The bulldozers drove forward striking the employee. The employee was caught between the bulldozer and a storage container. The employee suffered blunt force trauma injuries of torso and lower extremity and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was electrocuted. (The original form did not provide any details about the accident.)
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 15, 2019, an employee was rearranging product in the truck trailer prior to leaving the site when he leaned forward and fell.  The employe e fractured his hands and wrist.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on June 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a stone contractor, was e ngaged in demolition work at a building.  He was using a screw gun to attach a p iece of plywood to a wood crate when a stack of marble fell on his foot.  Emerge ncy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He w as admitted and treated for a crushing injury to his foot.  During the subsequen t investigation, it was estimated that the stack of marble weighed between 3,500 and 4,000 pounds.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 1, 2019, an employee was using a water hose to clean resid ual deposits of fertilizer from inside a vertical outfeed auger of a 2006 Intern ational fertilizer truck equipped with a Doyal 16 ton box.  The employee was ins pecting the infeed end of the auger with his left hand which was pulled in and c rushed by the screw auger.  The employee amputated his pinky, ring, and middle f ingers.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:15 a.m. on September 13, 2011, Employee #1, a tow truck driver, had dropped off a vehicle. He was putting the dolly away and he caught his finger between the dolly assist arm, a strut that operates like a shock absorber, and the frame of the tow truck. The pinch point crushed his finger. He was transported to a medical center, where a physician treated the injury, which involved removing the damaged distal phalangeal bone from his fingertip. Following the procedures, he was hospitalized for postoperative care.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on December 8, 2017, two employees were setting up the MOT arrow b oard on a west bound lane to warn traffic of a motor vehicle accident.  Both emp loyees were struck by a semi-trailer that had come over the top of the hill, and the driver locked up the trailer's brakes on the road's wet surface before losi ng control.  Employee #1 was pronounced dead at the scene by the paramedics and Employee #2 was transported to the hospital where he was treated for bruises, co ntusions, and abrasions before being released.
struck_fatal	At 9:50 a.m. on November 7, 2018, Employee #1 was holding a shop vacuum while si te foreman Employee #2 was cutting sections of exterior stucco in preparation fo r removal.   Employee #1 was standing just to the left of Employee #2, who was p erforming the cutting, when the unguarded Milwaukee portable angle grinder fitte d with a cutting blade bound, kicked back and struck Employee #1 in the lower le ft neck region.
fall_fatal	At 5:39 p.m. on June 23, 2021, Employee 1 and Employee 2 worked from a outrigger scaffold to frame the facia of a building. At some point, the employees fell ap proximately twenty-five feet when the scaffold collapsed, Employee 1 was killed, and Employee 2 was hospitalized with a nose fracture and injuries to the left k nee and foot.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on May 2, 2019, Employee#1, employed by a roofing company, was doin g renovation work at a one-story multifamily residential building.  He was on th e roof when he unhooked his lanyard and climbed down to the ground to get a chal k line.  When he climbed back up the ladder, he did not reattach his lanyard bef ore he knelt down to snap the chalk line.  He was kneeling on the edge of the ro of when the flexible waterproofing material gave way.  He fell approximately 8.5 feet onto a pile of landscaping posts.  The employee was transported to the hos pital and admitted for treatment of multiple rib fractures.
struck_fatal	At 2:38 p.m. on August 6, 2019, an employee was working for a firm that made con crete. He was uploading fly ash into a silo, when a blower or hot air hose faile d. It was thought that the hot air hose struck him. He was killed. The narrative did not state the nature of his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 28, 2017, Employee #1 was performing demolition work while standing on an eight foot metal A-Frame ladder. The employee's foot slipped and he and the ladder fell about five feet. He landed on top of the metal ladder, f racturing and bruising his ribs. Employee #1 was hospitalized for four days due to his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on November 19, 2020, the employee was welding. The employee was u sing a crane to flip a steel beam on one end to stand vertically. Chain rigging on the overhead crane caught the bottom of the vertical beam, causing the beam t o flip and strike the employee. The employee was killed when he was caught betwe en two beams and then fell to the ground.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on August 12, 2020, an employee was driving a loaded dump truck on C-Line Road at mile marker number 4. The dump truck was driving f rom a rock pit. The vehicle may have lost brakes, entered a roadside ditch, then crossed the road and tipped onto the passenger side, sliding and rolling onto i t's driver side. The employee was admitted and  treated at the hospital for lace rations to the head.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 16, 2018, an employee was moving sheet rock in the vicinit y of a skylight. During work, a part of the employee's attire, either his shoe o r pants leg, became caught. The employee lost his balance and fell through the s kylight and struck a concrete floor. As a result, the employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 17, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a con struction company, were engaged in road maintenance/repair work.  Employee #1 wa s directing traffic.  His coworker was operating a road grader.  The grader oper ator subsequently stated that he looked behind and saw Employee #1 standing clos e to the yellow line in the middle of the road.  The grader operator proceeded t o back up but felt the machine run over something.  Employee #1 was found beneat h the grader's cab.  He had been struck and run over.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on January 9, 2017, Employee #1, a truck driver, was hauling demolition material to a dump or a recycle center. His immediate superv isor, a superintendent , was operating an excavator to break apart a large swimm ing pool behind a house that had been demolished. Material was taken from the po ol and dumped into a pile, which was located north of the pool and near a road. Employee #1 waited for his supervisor to finish so that they could load his truc k. Around 12:30 p.m. on that day, Employee #1 decided to prematurely start separ ating some of the fiberglass that was in the pile. The recycle center, which the material was going to, did not accept fiberglass. His supervisor did not see Em ployee #1, who was on the opposite side of the pile, separating the fiberglass f rom the other material. Using the excavator, the supervisor dropped a large sect ion of the pool, consisting of cement and fiberglass material, on top of the pil e. A part of the pool struck Employee #1, causing fractures to multiple cervical vertebrae in his neck. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where h e received treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on August 16, 2018, an employee was making connections from a buck et truck when he came into contact with a 7200 volt electrical line, resulting i n an electrocution.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:40 p.m. on February 5, 2019, an employee torch cut an approximately twenty -five foot long by thirty inch high steel I-beam at the middle of the beam. When the ends separated, one side swung down, caught the employee's left, lower leg between the I-beam and another section of scrap metal, and pinned the employee b etween the two pieces of metal. The employee was taken to a local hospital to tr eat a fracture of the lower left leg (tibia and fibula).
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on September 13, 2018, an employee was looking for a container tha t was to be transported when a truck backed up and struck him.  The employee had his feet run over by the truck and sustained swelling and bruising to the soft tissue for both feet.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 3, 2017, an employee was framing the roof of a single family home at a height of ten feet. During work, the employee slipped and fell from the roof's edge. The employee struck the ground below and fractured his lef t wrist and mildly displaced his pelvic ring.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on June 20, 2014, an employee was installing a bathroom exhaust fa n and during wiring he was shocked in the left hand and foot. The employee was e lectrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was repairing a seawall damaged a few earlier by a hurricane. He was working from a wet pier and was not wearing personal protective equipment. When he attached one extension cord set to another that was connected to a receptacle outlet, he was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 31, 2022, Employee #1 was installing new metal roofing on a dairy barn when he fell  12 feet from the roof to the ground below hitting his head on a rock. The employee suffered a head injury and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on March 21, 2019, an employee was working from a garbage container that was hoisted by a lift to deliver a curtain road to the fourth floor of a b uilding.  While elevated by the lift, the garbage container the employee was sta nding in tilted and fell. He struck the ground and suffered chest injuries. As a result, the employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on February 20, 2017, an employee was placing caulk o n the top plate of a wall for a modular home component. The employee was reachin g to caulk the top plate, when he slipped, and fell to the ground in the area be tween the catwalk and setback on the modular home. The employee suffered a punct ured lung and fractured ribs, collar bone and a toe injury. The employee was hos pitalized and treated for his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on June 2, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a constr uction company, were working on a pipe installation, part of a road construction project.  They were positioned near the edge of an 11-foot trench/excavation an d using large wrenches to tighten bolts on a 24-inch butterfly valve.  Employee #1 was approximately 4 feet away from the trench when his wrench slipped from a bolt.  He stumbled backward and fell into the trench, a fall height of approxima tely 11 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was extracted fro m the trench and transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a mild concussion and compression fractures to spinal vertebrae T8, T11, and T12.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on December 20, 2017, an employee was on the ground level when aske d by the site superintendent to join him on the roof of the building to assist i n installing steel decking. The employee climbed a ladder to access the roof. On ce on the roof the employee walked over to where the superintendent was fastenin g decking to the roof purlins. The employee fell through an insulation covered o pening to the concrete flooring below (a distance of sixteen feet). The employee sustained injuries to his head upon impact with the concrete floor and was kill ed.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 a.m. on April 25, 2019, an employee was walking across the street to shu t a gate when he was struck by a taxi, killing him.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 3, 2017, an employee was installing corrugated roof pan els. The employee slipped on the roof panel and fell to the interior of the dair y barn under construction. He suffered broken neck and head injuries and was kil led.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was engaged in wood erection at a residential construction site.  He was standing o n the tail end of a two by four rafter when the rafter snapped and Employee #1 f ell, a fall height of approximately 13 feet.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis.
caught_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 13, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a cable company, was working at a heavy construction site.  He was attempting to unjam a lasher.  He slid out to the lasher on the wire, but lost his grip on the wire and hung susp ended from his climbing belt.  The employee was killed by suffocation/asphyxiati on.
struck_fatal	At 6:18 p.m. on April 24, 2015, an employee was welding a pump bracket to a used oil transfer tank located in the bed of a pickup truck. Off-gas from the used o il ignited and ruptured the transfer tank consequently throwing the employee alo ng with the pickup truck's toolbox.  The employee was kneeling on the toolbox wh en the tank exploded. The employee was killed from a chest injury sustained by c ontact with the toolbox during the explosion or by possibly landing on the corne r of a service trailer.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 10, 2004, Employee #1 was working at a jobsite in Los Angeles, cutting a 2-by-4 with a worm drive Skilsaw, when the saw kicked back and cut his left palm and wrist. According to the safety manager the saw guard was in place and functioning. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 p.m. on January 30, 2019, an employee fell from a truck and struck the c oncrete ground with his head.  The employee suffered a subdermal hematoma and he morrhaged from his head and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on October 13, 2015, an employee was backing a roller compactor ne ar the edge of a hill when it became unstable and toppled over.  The employee wa s ejected from the roller compactor and the canopy of the compactor landed on hi s head. The employee was killed due to head trauma.
fall_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on October 12, 2019, an employee was working off of a swing stage w aterproofing an exterior wall on the eleventh floor. While working the building collapsed and killed the employee.
fall_fatal	On October 20, 2017, an employee was working for a store that sold outdoor power equipment. He was installing a light fixture. He was working from a catwalk. He fell from the catwalk to a concrete surface at ground level. He was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:20 a.m. on June 19, 2018, Employee #1 was preparing to attach a chain to a trailer chassis for rotation to a new position. The employee removed the C clam ps holding the chassis in place. It was not secured on that end of trailer. The trailer shifted and tipped over, striking the employee, and causing a deep lacer ation to his chest, killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 4, 2018, Employees #1 and #2 and coworkers, employed by a precast c oncrete construction company, were using a crane to install concrete wall panels into previously installed concrete columns for a new building.  The crane's loa d line made contact with energized overhead power lines while Employees #1 and # 2 were guiding the wall panels by hand.  The two employees sustained electric sh ocks of 7,620 volts to multiple areas of their bodies.  Emergency services trans ported the employees to the hospital, where they were admitted for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 20, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a Raymond brand St and-Up Counterbalanced Lift Truck. As he headed towards the end cap of a storage rack, the employee lost control of the lift truck, and put his left leg out of the truck in the direction of the storage rack. The employee hit the storage rac k and sustained a crushing injury to his left foot and leg. Employee #1 was hosp italized for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on April 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a heavy construction c ompany, was working at the site of a two-story water/sewage treatment plant.  He was setting a bulkhead when the bulkhead slipped.  Employee #1's right hand was caught between the bulkhead and rebar.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a sev ere laceration to his right index finger.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 28, 2018, an employee was standing on the third floor balc ony waiting to unload millwork from a scissor lift.  The employee fell from the balcony when the guardrail failed and he lost his balance, landing on the scisso r lift.  The employee fractured his lower jaw and lacerated his face and mouth. The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 7:20 a.m. on July 2, 2018, an employee was working for a specialty trade cont ractor. He was operating a forklift in the firms laydown yard. He had reported not feeling well at the beginning of the shift; however, continued work that inc luded using a powered industrial truck (PIT) to move scaffold components. Approx imately two hours later, coworkers observed the employee slumped over in the ope rator's seat of the PIT. He had blacked out. The PIT, which was still operationa l, began to move forward. It tore down a section of fence that was surrounding t he work area. The PIT was secured and the employee was taken to a nearby medical center, where he was admitted and kept over night. The employee died approximat ely twelve hours later of suspected myocardial infarction.
electrocution_nonfatal	An employee using a drill gun received an electric shock. He was treated at a hospital and released. The cord set connected to the 120-volt drill was damaged. It was also not protected by a ground-fault circuit interrupter.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on May 18, 2019, an employee was installing a metal I-Beam for an a utomatic feed system when the safety latch on the hook failed to secure the stra p. The employee incurred skull and arm fractures and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on October 4, 2017, an employee was operating a router and lacerat ed a finger when it was caught by the router.  The initial report did not identi fy which finger was lacerated.  Hospitalization was not required.
caught_nonfatal	On February 6, 2013, an employee's foot was caught between forklift and rack guard. The employee was hospitalized and treated for laceration of foot and ankle.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was working at a multiemployer construction site.  He was drilling into the co ncrete floor of an electrical cabinet when he was electrocuted from the live par ts of the electric panel.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was t ransported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries associated with an electric shock.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was working from an aer ial lift and attempting to remove a grounding lead from an electrical transmissi on line.  He used his gloved hands rather than the hot stick that had been provi ded.  Employee #1 received a fatal electrical shock through his gloves.
caught_nonfatal	On July 6, 2010, a 31-yr-old male electrician was installing air conditioning switching devices atop a public school roof. He lost his balance when his foot when through a part of the roof covering. He fell from the roof landing, on the concrete surface below. He was hospitalized with six broken ribs, a punctured lung, and a fractured elbow.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 31, 2018, an employee was operating a skid steer as part of a paving operation. The employee attempted to move a bucket and got his arm c aught in an unspecified part of the skid steer. The employee received a lacerati on to his arm.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 23, 2018, an employee was removing the existing metal r oofing material.  The employee was standing on the existing metal roofing, which was in poor condition with obvious deterioration. The employee fell through the existing metal roofing onto the ground below, a height of approximately 29 feet . The employee suffered multiple injuries and died as a result of those injuries .
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 9, 2009, Employee #1, with a paving company, was preparing to pave a driveway by relocating a guy for a power line pole. After several unsuccessful attempts to dig up the wire's ground anchor, he used a hacksaw to cut the wire. When the wire was free, Employee #1 grabbed the guy, which was in contact with an overhead power line (approximately 14,964 volts). He was shocked and thrown back approximately 10 ft, sustaining entry wounds on his left hand and exit wounds on both feet. Employee #1 was transported by ambulance to Peninsula Regional Medical Center, and later that day was transferred to Crozer Burn Center, where he was admitted for treatment. The employer/owner was on site supervising the work and witnessed the accident.
caught_fatal	At 4:15 a.m. on April 12, 2013, Employee #1 was leaning against a dumpster. A co worker was operating a skid steer nearby. The operator of the skid steer backed the equipment into Employee #1 while he was leaning against the dumpster. Employ ee #1 was caught between the skid steer and the dumpster and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On January 15, 2011, Employee #1, a truck driver, raised the bed of a dump truck. He was unaware that it had contacted an overhead power line. When he touched the release for the truck's tailgate, he was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on December 15, 2017, an employee was working in a warehouse loadi ng a trailer. The employee was securing a damaged leaking super sack. A second s uper sack was stacked on top of the leaking super sack. The upper super sack fel l on the employee as he was securing the damaged leaking super sack. The employe e sustained a compressed fracture of a vertebra, hematoma in the spinal cord, lo st sensation to lower body, and nerve damage. The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:40 p.m. on August 8, 2019, two employees were working in the yard, offloadi ng harvest collapsible bins from a refrigerated trailer. The first set of bins, two stacks piled seven high, were easily removed with the forklift. The second s et of bins were too far from the door to reach with the forklift. Employee #1 ti ed a lasso to the bottom middle corners of the second set of two stacks of bins piled seven high, so that the coworker could pull them closer to the doorway. Af ter tying the lasso to the bins, Employee #1 stood on the forks of the forklift to hold on to the lasso that was wrapped around the carriage, while a coworker, operating the forklift, was pulling the stacks. The bins were pulled out too muc h and started tipping and falling, pinning Employee #1 between the bins and fork lift carriage. Employee #1 was treated for sternal fracture but was not hospital ized.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 22, 2017, an employee was acting as a ground guide for a dump truck.  The employee was struck by the dump truck and suffered a compoun d fracture of the femur.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 1, 2014, an employee was standing on the edge of a resi dential roof when he stepped backwards.  The employee fell from the roof and the impact of the ground caused fatal blunt force injuries to the head and torso.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:15 a.m. on January 6, 2017, an employee was framing exterior wall on the second floor deck prior to standing and setting the wall at the exte rior perimeter of the floor. The employee was walking backwards along the sheath ed wall and stepped into the window opening that was in line with the stairwell opening. The employee fell 11 feet to the concrete floor below. The suffered hea d trauma and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:53 p.m. on January 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was installing equipment and appliances at a six-unit multifamily residential building under construction.  When the air flow was tested, no flow was apparent .  The employee went onto the roof decking to investigate.  He fell through a sk ylight opening, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services transported the em ployee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for head and back inju ries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 24, 2006, Employee #1 and his supervisor were using a Dynalift mobile electric crane, model C.82.4.2.77.204, to install an electric CVS sign near a sidewalk. A lanyard was placed inside at the top of the 97 in. tall by 10 ft 10 in. wide sign, and then secured by the crane hook. Employee #1 was situated on a metal ladder, ready to receive the sign and disconnect the hook. The sign was hoisted into place and Employee #1 had grabbed the hook when he received a 6,900 volt phase-to-ground electric shock and was thrown off the ladder. The supervisor had moved the metal basket into a 36 ft high, 12,000-volt phase-to-phase overhead power line, that was 7 ft 8 in. from the middle of the sign, and 8 ft 6 in. from a cell phone tower. The supervisor moved the basket away from the power line. He got down from the truck, where the controls for the boom were, and ran to Employee #1, who was lying on the ground and not breathing. As he got closer, he saw that Employee #1 had a mark on his hand and he smelled something burned. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for 12 days for conditions related to the electric shock he had suffered. During subsequent interviews, the fire captain indicated that when he arrived, he estimated that the crane boom was approximately 5 ft from the power lines and the supervisor was moving it away. The supervisor told the compliance officer that he had not seen the power lines before the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 26, 2017, crew members were engaged in placing concrete at t he podium deck of a garage. After the crew had progressed to a section, Area G, that was located directly above the ground floor ramp leading down into the gara ge, the concrete formwork collapsed. Half of the crew, thirteen employees, fell approximately 20 feet (two levels), along with approximately 12 inches of wet co ncrete, reinforcing steel, timber formwork, and their tools and equipment. Thirt een workers were transported to local hospitals, two of whom were admitted in ex cess of 24 hours for treatment of their injuries. Employee #1 was treated for a corneal abrasion due to concrete in his eye, and underwent surgery to repair a t endon in his left ankle that sustained dislocation and a fracture. He remained i n the hospital for approximately two days.  Employee #2 was admitted for treatme nt of injuries to his lower back and generalized pain.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:20 a.m. on December 13, 2021, an employee attempted to excavate a water lin e using a shovel. A coworker, operating a track hoe, accidentally bumped the tur ret control and the track hoe bucket struck and pinned the employee against an e arth wall. The employee was hospitalized to treat a liver injury.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on December 9, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a residential remode ler, was removing wood strips from the exterior of a mobile home.  He was workin g from a ladder he had placed on the corner of the structure, with neither ladde r rail resting on the structure and thus not properly supported.  Employee #1 fe ll, a fall height of 5 feet, and struck his head on the pavement.  Employee #1 s ustained blunt force traumatic injury to the head and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on September 26, 2018, an employee was removing and installing well points in an excavation. While working, a forty-two inch iron pipe ricocheted a nd caught the employee between the pipe and a Well Point Punch. The employee sus tained multiple hip fractures.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:35 p.m. on May 29, 2019, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a cement construction company, were working at the construction site for a new ho tel.  They were removing the Pro-Shore system, which was used to create formwork for the cement poured to create the second floor above.  The three employees we re removing the joist and main beams of the Pro-Shore system in various bays und er the poured concrete.  Coworker #1, working from a forklift, was going from ba y to bay and loosening the main beams by hitting the star nut, the piece that su pports the beams, and then removing the joist and beam and handing them to Emplo yee #1 and Coworker #2 on ground level.  Coworker #1, seeing that something wasn 't right, told the other employees to stand back, at which time the bay collapse d.  The main beam swung out and struck Employee #1 in the face and shoulder, and Employee #1 fell to the ground and lost consciousness.  Employee #1 was transpo rted to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured face, f ractured left shoulder, and head injuries.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 13, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a commerc ial surfacing company, were working in an enclosed area on the outside lane of a two-lane highway.  They were abrasive blasting old paint beneath a bridge.  Jer sey-style concrete barriers 2.75 feet high were set up along the edge of the hig hway work zone.  The highway's posted speed limit was 70 mph.  After leaving the work zone to take a water break, the two employees began returning to their wor k area, walking inside and parallel to the concrete barriers.  A boom truck drov e by.  The truck's boom leaf with clam shell bucket was swinging freely and cros sed over the concrete barrier.  The coworker was able to jump away from the swin ging boom leaf.  He yelled to warn Employee #1, but Employee #1 was unable to mo ve out of the way.  The boom leaf's bucket struck Employee #1 between his ribs a nd waist.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on January 17, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a gutters company, w as working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story multifamily resi dential structure.  He was working from a ladder and attempting to hoist a 53-fo ot section of aluminum gutter for installation.  The gutter came into contact wi th a 13 kilovolt electrical power line.  A surge of electrical power travelled t hrough the gutter to Employee #1, who was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on April 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was upgrading the electrical equipment at a commercial building.  He tr ied to install a ground wire on an electrical panel while electrical power was f lowing from the panel.  Employee #1's left hand made contact with a live 277-vol t busbar, and an electrical flash occurred.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for f ourth degree burns to his hand.  Employee #1 required hospitalization for approx imately two weeks.  The subsequent investigation determined that no personal pro tective equipment had been used.
caught_nonfatal	at 6:30 p.m. on June 6, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker were utilizing a hydrau lic lift table to transport a 578 pound metal ring to work bench number 10. As t hey attempted to slide the metal ring off of the hydraulic lift and onto the wor k bench, the ring slid off and landed flat side down. Employee #1's left hand wa s caught between the ring and the work bench surface, resulting in the amputatio n of his fingertips on the ring finger and middle finger of his left hand.
fall_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on October 3, 2014, an employee was working on the bed of the crane truck to deliver a bank of four compressed natural gas cylinders for gas line m aintenance. The employee was using a crane on the truck to remove the bank from the bed of the truck. The employee fell 50 inches from the truck, sustained brai n damage, and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on June 29, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1, a foreman, and #2, employed by a property management company, were working at a two-story residence .  Employee #1, who normally worked on the ground, was assisting Coworkers #1 an d #2 to secure a tarp on the building's roof before a rain storm.  Employee #1 h ad no training in fall protection and was not wearing fall protection while on t he roof.  He fell two stories.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for crushing injur ies along his entire right side.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:12 a.m. on December 7, 2009, Employee #1 was driving a Raymond EASi Pacer Counterbalanced Truck (Model Number R35-C35QM, Serial Number R35-02-04185) northward in an independent warehouse facility for Big Lots chain stores, toward Aisle 029-048-01. A coworker was operating another powered industrial truck, a Raymond Swing Reach, and was completely stopped in Aisle 29. As Employee #1 was approaching Aisle 29, he lost positive control of the truck and veered to his left, colliding with the stopped swing reach. Employee #1 inadvertently placed his left foot outside of the running lines of the truck just before impact, and his foot was crushed between the two trucks, causing serious injury. "911" was called and Employee #1 was transported to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center in Colton, CA for treatment. The Division was notified by the employer of a serious injury occurring in their workplace on December 4, 2009.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on April 28, 2016, Employee #1 was using a cutting t orch to cut into the hydraulic system on the housing compartment of a garbage tr uck. The housing compartment was in the elevated position and there were no safe ty devices to keep the housing compartment from falling. As he cut into the hous ing compartments hydraulic system, the housing dropped and fell upon him, crush ing his chest and killing him.
fall_fatal	At 4:30 a.m. on July 29, 2021, an employee was climbing down an extension ladder after securing a tarp as a coworker held the ladder for him. The ladder slipped on the sidewalk causing the employee to fall and hit his head on the concrete. The employee suffered blunt force injuries to his head an was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on September 8, 2021, an employee worked to hoist a broken electric al line into place on a pole and sleeve it. While working, the employee made con tact with the live electrical line and was killed by electrocution.
struck_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on April 13, 2019, two employees were setting up the counterweight for a crane and was caught by the crane hook.  Employee #1 was killed when the w eight fell onto him and Employee #2 was hospitalized due to back pains and bruis es.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 14, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a concrete construction company, were engaged in concrete formwork for a new three-story r esidential structure.  The coworker was operating the pump truck from which conc rete was being poured into a 12-foot tall aluminum form.  Employee #1 was workin g from an elevated platform that measured approximately 2 inches by 8 inches by 16 feet.  The platform, which had no guardrail or other fall protection, was att ached to the form.  Employee #1 was holding the end of the hose attached to the pump truck when the bottom of the form blew out, causing the form to shake.  Emp loyee #1 fell from the platform, a fall height of 11.75 feet, and struck compact ed soil.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was treated for muscle strains to his right arm and shoulder.  He was released w ithout hospitalization.
caught_fatal	On January 1, 2013 an employee and manager were leaning over a dump truck's fram e while positioned under the dump body to troubleshoot a dump body control mecha nism. The raised the body of the dump truck without supporting it with blocks. T he dump truck came down on the employee's neck and head. The employee was killed due to her neck and head being crushed.
fall_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on May 3, 2021, an employee was standing on a 24 foot Louisville Mo del FE3224 Extension Ladder troubleshooting a TV satellite system when he fell a pproximately fifteen feet. At the time he fell, he had been trimming a tree with a STIHL Model MS271-Z.325 SPUR FarmBoss chain saw. He suffered injuries from im pact with the ground and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on September 6, 2019, two employees were working inside a grain si lo.  Employee #1's wire rope lifeline came into contact with an energized electr ical power line and was electrocuted.  Employee #2 was using concrete tools to s pread and shape concrete inside the silo and was shocked.  Employee #2 was hospi talized and treated for electrical burns.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 a.m. on September 25, 2017, Employee #1 and two coworkers were loading old doors and frames into the back of a pickup truck. They were usi ng a truck to transport the doors, frames and to place old material into a dumps ter around the corner of a building. The two coworkers got into the truck and dr ove around the corner. One of the coworkers looked into the rearview mirror and saw Employee #1 lying on the ground. Employee #1 had gotten into the bed of the truck and was riding there when he apparently fell out of the truck, striking hi s head and fracturing his skull on the asphalt. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he succumbed to his injuries and died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on June 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services co mpany, was working at a multiemployer job site.  He was installing grounding bus hing on the inside of an electrical panel to which power had been turned off.  T he power company turned on the electrical power, and 480 volts flowed to the pan el.  An arc flash ensued.  Employee #1 sustained burns to his upper body.  Emerg ency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for burns.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on July 16, 2018, Employee #1 and #2 were pumping concrete. While pumping concrete, the concrete boom became loose and hit  Employee #1 in the hea d, causing a laceration. Employee #2 was also struck by the boom and suffered a fractured right arm.
struck_nonfatal	On May 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home improvement company, was engage d in roofing work at a residential building.  He carried up a roll of asphalt fe lt and laid the roll on the roof ridge and the dormer ridge.  According to the e mployee's subsequent report, he lost his balance when a wind gust hit the asphal t felt roll and caused it to roll down the sloped roof and strike Employee #1's feet.  Employee #1 fell from the roof, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency serv ices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admit ted and treated for fractures of both cheek bones and his nose and a concussion.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on May 1, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s installing a water main at a military facility.  He was operating an excavator when the excavator's hydraulic line burst.  The employee was struck by the exca vator bucket.  He was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for tre atment of a fractured right arm and internal organ damage.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:54 a.m. on January 21, 2020, an employee was grinding a rod from an elevat or shaft while standing on a 10 foot ladder using a powered handheld grinder. Th e employee lost his balance and released the grinder which caught his neck and c aused a 3 inch laceration. The employee was hospitalized to treat a laceration t o his neck.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 23, 2002, Employee #1, of Corby Engineering Services, Inc., was jackhammering a manhole when he struck a 4,800-volt energized line. Employee #1 received an electric shock and sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 8, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing repair work at a residential building.  He was on the roof and taking measurements for the n ext cut of plywood.  The employee had fall protection gear donned and anchor poi nts in place, but he appears not to have attached the fall protection gear to th e attachment point.  Alternatively, as determined through interviews, the employ ee was using fall protection but did not adjust his rope grab properly and had t oo much slack in the lifeline, which allowed a free-fall to the surface.  The em ployee fell 15 to18 feet.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment of multip le fractures.
struck_fatal	At 5:15 p.m. on October 19, 2021, two employees worked to cut concrete sections of a bridge. At some point, the bridge collapsed and both employees fell approxi mately fifty feet. Employee #1 was killed by injuries after being struck by the concrete saw and fall after the collapse, and Employee #2 was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on June 1, 2021, an employee was removing Arrow Panel Traffic Signs from a roadway when a vehicle hit one of the traffic signs causing traffic sign to strike the employee. The employee suffered a head injury and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 10, 2021, an employee was installing solar panels on a roof without fall protection. The employee fell from the roof to the concrete d riveway below incurring a concussion and requiring hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on May 10, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was engag ed in roofing work at a one-story residential building.  Employee #1 fell from t he roof, a fall height of 9 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for musculoskeletal in juries.
caught_fatal	On June 14, 2013,Employee #1, an owner operator of a trucking operation, was attempting to preform repairs to a semi truck at his business yard. As this work was being performed on the under carriage of the truck, a friend of Employee #1 who was helping him with these repairs, open the valve, at his request. the exiting air in the pressurized system was emptied, causing the chassis connected to the overburden wheels to lower to the ground, crushing Employee #1's upper torso, trapping him beneath the vehicle. Emergency services responded, he was declared dead at the scene.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 18, 2018, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a con struction company, were working at a multiemployer heavy construction site.  Emp loyee #1 was acting as spotter for Coworker #1, who was operating a forklift tru ck that was carrying a pallet.  Coworker #1 attempted unsuccessfully to drive th e forklift around a corner, and the vehicle ran over Employee #1's foot.  Emerge ncy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He w as admitted and treated for fractures to his right foot.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 p.m. on November 30, 2019, an employee, working as a night-shift watchme n on a dredger/barge in the water. At some point the crew boat that was tied to the barge came loose. The employee attempted to retrieve the crew boat and fell into the water and drowned.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 29, 2021, an employee was installing a new electrical servi ce to a private residence when the employee contacted live 240-volt mid-span ele ctrical service wires. The employee was electrocuted and died with burns to the right forearm and left chest.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on February 5, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a pipe and concrete c asting company, was walking along the top of a four foot tall aggregate retainin g wall. He slipped and fell ten feet into the concrete aggregate pit. He struck his head on the ground and got a concussion. Employee #1 was hospitalized and la ter died as a result of the head injury.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on November 1, 2021, an employee was delivering products to custome rs and had arrived overnight and was waiting at the dock. The customer arrived a nd knocked on the sleeper cab indicating he was ready to receive the load. The e mployee drove the truck and trailer forward approximately 15 feet so that the tr ailer doors could be opened. The customer was opening the passenger side door wh ile the driver was opening the driver's side door simultaneously. When the door opened, it swung out forcefully and struck the employee on the forehead. The emp loyee was knocked unconscious, fell backwards, and struck the back of his head o n the asphalt. Three boilers, each weighing 222 pounds each fell out of the trai ler but did not strike the employee. The  boilers had tipped in transit and were likely pressing up against the trailer door which caused the door to forcefully open. The customer called for emergency services and began first aid and CPR on the employee.  Emergency response personnel arrived and transported the employe e to a local area hospital, where he died one month later.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 8, 2019, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a framing contractor, were engaged in the construction of a one-story commercial structur e.  They were returning to their elevated work areas after a lunch break and get ting started on brace installation when approximately 15 trusses collapsed.  The employees fell from the trusses they were working on, and were struck by other falling trusses.  Emergency services transported the employees to the hospital, where all were admitted for treatment.  Employee#1 sustained fractures to the hi p and multiple ribs, a lacerated spleen, and facial trauma.  Employee #2 sustain ed a broken wrist.  Employee#3 sustained six fractured ribs.
struck_fatal	At 4:41 p.m. on February 26, 2016, an employee was working from a creeper under a tractor trailer truck loosening brake shoe adjustments. He was preparing to ch ange brake drums when the tractor trailer truck fell off the jacks, crushing the employee's abdomen.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 26, 2019, an employee and coworker were standing on a ro of unloading plywood sheets from a forklift onto two platform jacks. At some poi nt, the platform jacks failed and caused the plywood sheet to fall. One of the s heets struck the employee on the leg and caused the employee to lose his balance and fall approximately eleven feet off the roof. The employee was hospitalized for surgery to install rods and screws to repair a hip fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on June 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in interior framing work - installing joist blocks - for a new resid ential structure.  He used an A-frame ladder to climb onto a makeshift single-pl ank scaffold.  Employee #1 lost balance, fell 5 feet, and struck the concrete fl oor.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured skull and fractured ribs.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on November 26, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing activity f or a new one-story residential structure.  The employee fell, a fall height of 1 0 feet, and the side of his body impacted the ground.  The employee received med ical treatment for body pain but was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 21, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working from a secured extension ladder and installing steel panels on the roof of a two-story residential building. As he descended the ladder, his tool b ag caught on the ladder's left tip.  Employee #1 lost his footing and balance, a nd he fell to the concrete surface, a fall height of approximately 9 feet.  Emer gency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to his left ankle and tibia.
electrocution_fatal	On August 16, 2002, Ritchey Advertising, Inc., was completing the final stage of erecting and installing a flag mount type sign at a car dealership in Martinsville, WV. The 10 ft by 15 ft sign was errected on a 34 ft tall pole and was illuminated by 10 ft long fluorescent lights, mounted horizontally within the sign. The job began on July 31, 2002, when concrete and anchor bolts were installed to prepare the foundation. On August 15, 2002, the sign was delivered to the site and installed. The company was aware that some of the lamps had broken during shipment and would need to be replaced. Employee #1 and coworkers, of Ritchey Advertising, were contracted to install the wiring and for the final hook up. On August 16, 2002, the lamps were taken to the job site for installation and work began at approximately 2:30 p.m., after the employees completed another job in the area. They were using a Ford F-Series diesel truck, VIN #1FDNF80CXSVA64335, equipped with a telescoping boom. Employee #1 was raised to the sign to install the new lamps. He had placed three new lamps with the power off to the sign. Once the lamps were installed, Employee #1 asked a coworker to turn on the power to see if the lamps were operating. Mounted on the bed of the truck was a Miller AEAD-200LE constant current AC/DC arc welding generator rated at 5,000 watts. An orange, three-wire extension cord was plugged into the generator; power was provided to the sign by inserting its permanent hot and neutral wires into the female end of the extension cord. When plugged in, the upper half of the sign did not light. Employee #1 was reaching through a 5 in. diameter access hole in the side of the sign as he was telling the coworker to turn it off. Power was stopped just as Employee #1 slumped down into the bucket. A coworker ran into the dealership and told someone to call 911 while another coworker lowered the bucket to the ground. The Wetzel County Emergency Services responded and transported Employee #1 to the Wetzel County Hospital in New Martinsville, where he died at approximately 4:39 p.m. that same afternoon. The sign had still been energized when Employee #1 reached in, and a short in the wiring caused him to be electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 24, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was installing cedar shake siding on the west side of a three-story residenti al building.  He was working with no fall protection from the plank of an interm ixed scaffold system approximately 20 feet above ground.  The employee fell and landed at the bottom of a below-ground open stairwell under the scaffold, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  As he landed, his head struck the concrete st airway.  Employee #1 sustained a traumatic head injury and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On June 27, 2009, Employee #1 was operating a power ram lifting jack, when he positioned his hand in a pinch point on the equipment. The machine amputated his right pinky finger at the second knuckle.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction subcon tractor, was engaged in renovation work at a hotel.  He was operating a Dewalt t able saw with unguarded blade and holding a 2 by 4 piece of wood that he was cut ting.  The blade hit a knot in the wood, the wood jerked, and Employee #1's left middle finger was pushed against the saw blade and partially amputated.  Employ ee #1 was treated at the hospital and released without hospitalization.
caught_fatal	At 1:20 p.m. on January 6, 2015, Employee #1 was operating a hydraulic concrete pump mounted on a concrete pump truck.  Employee #1 went under the truck, possib ly to check a valve, and got caught on the rotating drive shaft.  Employee #1 wa s killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 10, 2012 Employee #1 was holding the end nozzle of the pumper truck boom guiding the flow of concrete into the trough, while a coworker spread and settled the concrete using various means. The pumper truck boom was being directed by an employee of the pumper truck subcontractor via remote control. Running along the north sidewalk of the site were overhead power line at the point of contact. Employee #1, operating the remote control was observed to be walking backwards, toward the truck, as the trough was filled with concrete. A coworker stated he heard a loud noise, observed sparks coming from overhead, then observed Employee #1 lying on the ground unconscious. Employee #1 was severely injured due to burns and electrical shock and taken to a local area hospital where he stayed for several days.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing work at a one-story commercial building.  He was standing ne xt to a truck crane when the crane's boom made contact with an overhead power li ne.  Employee #1 sustained an electric shock.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries related to the electric shock.
struck_fatal	At 2:20 p.m. on July 5, 2019, Employee #1, an assistant painter employed by a co nstruction company, was working at a one-story commercial building in which a va cant suite was being remodeled.  He was working from a Franklin Portable Scaffol d, Item Number 63050, and preparing the ceiling for painting.  The scaffold had no guardrails installed.  The scaffold's work platform was a wooden plank approx imately 28 inches wide by 66 inches long.  The employee fell from the scaffold, a fall height of approximately 5 feet 6.5 inches, and struck the back of his hea d on either the concrete floor or a brick wall.  The painter that Employee #1 ha d been assisting, who was in another work area when the fall occurred, transport ed Employee #1 to the hospital.  Employee #1 was admitted and treated for a skul l fracture and traumatic brain injury, plus a fractured left scapula.  He died o n July 9, 2019.
caught_fatal	On November 19, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contractor, was in stalling drainage in an excavation.  A wall of the excavation collapsed, and Emp loyee #1 was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 21, 2018, an employee was sweeping the floor while a cowor ker was washing the roof.  The employee's shoulder came into contact with a 2,40 0V energized electrical wire and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:15 p.m. on July 24, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction c ompany,  were putting away the 35-foot aluminum extension ladder they had used w hile painting the exterior of a house.  The ladder made contact with the house's power service line, and electricity was conducted through the aluminum to the e mployees.  Both Employee #1 and Employee #2 were electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on May 2, 2019, Employee#1, employed by a roofing company, was doin g renovation work at a one-story multifamily residential building.  He was on th e roof when he unhooked his lanyard and climbed down to the ground to get a chal k line.  When he climbed back up the ladder, he did not reattach his lanyard bef ore he knelt down to snap the chalk line.  He was kneeling on the edge of the ro of when the flexible waterproofing material gave way.  He fell approximately 8.5 feet onto a pile of landscaping posts.  The employee was transported to the hos pital and admitted for treatment of multiple rib fractures.
fall_nonfatal	On March 22, 2017, an employee was making stucco mix. The employee got inside th e lift basket on the forklift to carry stucco mix to the work area.  The basket was unattached and fell off the forks, carrying the employee with it.  The emplo yee was hospitalized and treated for fractured cheekbone.
electrocution_fatal	On August 13, 2008, four electricians were working at a 6,900-volt to 13,200-volt electrical distribution substation restoring service after a squirrel caused an event that blew fuses and damaged insulators. Employee #1 who was located on the substation structure came in contact with a 7,160-volt to ground energized conductor, causing the protective relay for the system to trip. Employee #1 then fell across all three conductors of the circuit. Shortly after contacting the three conductors of the circuit the protective relay reset, energizing the conductor at 13,200-volts, phase to phase. Employee #1 then fell approximately 12 feet to the ground. CPR was performed, but proved to be unsuccessful. Employee #2 received flash burn injuries, but did not lose consciousness. Employee #2 was transported to a local hospital, admitted and treated. Employees #3 and #4 were taken to the hospital where they were examined and released.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 21, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roof ing contractor, were engaged in roofing repair work at a one-story commercial bu ilding.  Employee #1 was helping his coworker place roofing materials on an aeri al lift.  He then accessed the roof, whereupon he fell, a fall height of 20 feet .  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admi tted for treatment of multiple injuries that included fractured ribs and a fract ured hip.
fall_fatal	At 11:52 a.m. on September 10, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were conducting exterior framing, on the second floor, of a newly constructed family dwelling. While completing detailed framing work, Employee #1 accidentally fell through a hole in the building frame and landed 14 feet below on a concrete pad.  Employee #1 sustained multiple blunt force injuries and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on July 29, 2016, an employee hooked up the break airlines to a tra iler and went to perform the DOT required Driver Vehicle Report. The employee wa s performing the pre-trip DOT Driver Vehicle Report around the parked truck and trailer when he got pinned in between the wall and the trailer. The employee was crushed between the trailer and the wall by the chest area of the body and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was working in a 0.9- by 1.5- by 1.1-meter underground splicing enclosure. He was running cables through a conduit to a transformer pad located approximately 3 meters from the underground enclosure. The power line worker was part of a crew that was working on a project to install a 25-kilovolt-ampere, pad-mounted, dead-front transformer. The crew, which had not conducted a job briefing, was installing two new primary conductors from the underground enclosure to the transformer pad, where the transformer was to be installed later. The crew was not using insulating tools or barriers in the enclosure. The power line worker pushed the two new cables, which were not grounded, through the conduit from the underground enclosure to the transformer pad. Next the crew began lining up the new load-break elbows spliced to the underground-enclosure end of the cables with the bushings in the enclosure. The 7,200-volt (12,000-volt, phase-to-phase) bushings in the enclosure were energized. The power line worker remained in the underground enclosure, and the other two crewmembers were at the transformer pad, pulling and pushing at the unterminated and uninsulated ends of the cables as needed. After they were finished, the coworkers went behind their respective trucks to gather tools and supplies, which took 2 to 5 minutes. During that time, the power line worker, who was not using rubber insulating gloves, reportedly removed an insulated cap from an energized bushing, cut the associated ground wire, and placed the insulated cap on a ledge on the inside of the open vault lid. With his hand, he began to connect one of the two new load-break elbows onto the exposed bushing, energizing the new cable. A fault occurred at the transformer end of the cable between the phase conductor and the concentric neutral conductor. The employee, who was touching the concentric neutral and the disconnected ground wire, was electrocuted. Investigators found burn marks on the sidewalk at the transformer end of the cable, indicating that electric arcing occurred at the open end of the cable.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was operating a forklift truck at a multiemployer construction project, a three -story multifamily residence.  He was wearing a fall arrest harness and lanyard. As he drove, the lanyard became caught by the vehicle's rear tire, and Employe e #1 was yanked from the seat to the ground.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including contusions, abrasions, and possible fractures to hi s ribs, shoulder, left arm, and left leg.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on February 26, 2020, an employee was working from the basket of a n articulating boom lift basket to cut sprinkler pipe during a building demoliti on. At some point, the employee was found pinned between a ceiling beam and the basket and unresponsive. The employee was killed by asphyxiation.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 22, 2020, an employee was standing on a ladder attempti ng to attach a 12 foot by 10 foot piece of sheet metal to a crane hoist when the piece fell and knocked the employee off the ladder. The employee fell to the co ncrete floor and suffered fractured ribs, a lacerated kidney, and internal bleed ing for which he was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on June 7, 2016, an employee was on a flat roof measuring a parapet wall.  The employee fell off the roof 30 feet to the ground, and was killed due to injuries to the head and chest.
electrocution_fatal	On November 19, 2008, Employee's #1 and #2 were working for Prudent Technologies, Inc, as part of a four person painting crew and were painting a residence. Employee #1 was the foreman and was working with Employee #2; they were using a boom lift to paint the upper levels of the house. They were working approximately 20-feet off the ground, when Employee #1 came in contact with a live overhead electrical line he touched Employee #2. Employee #2 was able to pull away and climbed down from the boom lift. Employee #1 was on fire, he was able to roll out of the boom lift and fell about 20-feet to the ground. The coworkers were able to put out the fire and the employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he died from his injuries approximately two-weeks later.
electrocution_fatal	On June 10, 2010, Employees #1, #2, #3, and #4 were moving a forty foot aluminum extension ladder when it toppled over into electrical power lines. The lines were operating at 24Kv phase to phase. When the ladder contacted the line it caused a fireball to erupt at the base of the ladder. Employee #1 and Employee #2 were holding the ladder, while Employee #3 and Employee #4 were standing within 2 feet away. CPR was performed on Employee #1 and Employee #2, however Employee #1 died at the hospital 4 days later. Employee #2 suffered severe burns and Employee #3 and Employee #4 were treated and released from local hospitals with burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	An employee was replacing light bulbs and using tie wire to secure lights above a damaged ceiling. The employee was standing on a fiberglass stepladder, approximately 1.5 meters above the floor. While he was wrapping a tie wire, the worker received an electric shock and fell. He was hospitalized with fractures to his right shoulder blade and left arm.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on May 29, 2014, an employee and coworker were in the process of p umping light concrete up on the roof and installing foam insulation when it star ted to rain and the employees were in the process of draining and flushing  the concrete pumping hose in preparation to stop work. Lightning struck the employee killing the employee and injuring the coworker.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on April 27, 2018, an employee was masking or taping a ceiling beam while on a 6 foot stepladder.  The employee fell from the ladder and struck his head on the ground.  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on November 7, 2016, Employee #1 was unloading concr ete lined pipe off of a truck.  A pipe fell and struck Employee #1 who was hospi talized and died the next day.  .
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on February 7, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s working at a one-story residential building.  He was on the building's roof an d making roof repairs when he fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for head trauma and multiple fractured bones.  At the time of this report, Employee #1 was being treated in the hospital's intensive care unit.
fall_nonfatal	On September 5, 2013, Employee #1, a 44-year-old male, Employee #2, a 30-year-old male, Employee #3, 31-year-old male, all with Nice and Cool Inc., were working with a fourth worker to install a Trane HVAC and ductwork systems at a restaurant under construction. The employees were required to install the HVAC system within a non-structural steel frame. The nonstructural steel was installed for the construction of a suspended ceiling and was located approximately 10 feet above ground. After unloading the equipment and tools, the employees ascended on the nonstructural steel frame on the frame. Employee #3 and Employee #4 were installing the HVAC system while Employee #1 and Employee #2 were putting the flex ductwork when the frame collapsed. The four workers fell approximately 10 ft to the ground. Paramedics were summoned to the scene and transported Employee #1, Employee #2, and Employee #3 to LA County USC Medical Center for treatment of non-serious injuries received during the fall.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 15, 2019, Employee #1 was cleaning the chains on a modul e truck bed using an air wand. The hose disconnected and fell below the chains. The employee reached in between two chains, and his right arm was caught in the chains and sprockets. The employee sustained a tearing of muscle and skin from t he bone when caught in module truck bed chains and sprockets. The employee was h ospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on October 21, 2021, an employee was working as a carpenter for a firm that manufactured trusses. He was assembling a wall frame. As he was moving the wall frame, it fell from the track it was on and caught the small finger on the employee's right hand between the wood truss and a metal table. The tip of that finger was amputated. The employee was treated without hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:18 p.m. on January 22, 2015, Employees #1, #2, and #3, plus additional cowo rkers, employed by a construction company, were engaged in the construction of a n elevated bridge bypassing a highway.  Three employees were pouring concrete so ffits, stems, and box girders.  Less than 50 percent of the concrete had been lo aded when supports failed, causing a failure and collapse of the section between two columns designated Bents 3 and 4.  This falsework failure caused approximat ely 190 feet of highway to collapse a height of approximately 25 feet.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was rescued from under the falsework, an d Employees #2 and #3 from on top of it.  These workers were transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple fractures.  Other project workers a lso were injured, but less seriously and not requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 28, 2008, Employee #1 was an electrician. He was on a trouble call for the nonworking scoreboard at the City of Lancaster Park. In the electric room, he found a dead leg on the main breaker. At the fuse box, he pulled the disconnect handle down to the open position and opened the door in order to replace the fuse. Employee #1 checked the voltage on all three phases and determined that all three phases were dead. He then tested the continuity on each fuse and determined that the fuse on phase B was bad. Employee #1 pulled the bad fuse with his hand and gave it to a coworker. He placed a new fuse against the clips and tested voltage on all three phases to ensure they were still dead. When he pushed the fuse into the fuse clip holder, it did not set correctly. Employee #1 used a pair of channel locks that he placed between the fuses to gain additional leverage to push the fuse in. As Employee #1 applied force, the channel locks slipped and contacted the fuses. The resulting electrical arc flash burned Employee #1 on his hands, arms and face. He was treated at Antelope Valley Hospital and then hospitalized at Sherman Oaks Hospital Burn Center for treatment of second and third degree burns.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 2, 2021, an employee worked to paint an exterior wall a nd fell approximately ten feet. The employee was killed by trauma to the body.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 24, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker were operating stan dup powered industrial trucks in a warehouse/shipping area. After the coworker u sed a powered industrial truck to deliver a load of chair parts into an assigned outgoing lane, Employee #1 pulled up behind the employee and began adjusting hi s equipment controls. As the coworker began backing out of his lane, he ran into Employee #1, who was stepping off his machine. Employee #1's  left leg was caug ht between the two lifts, resulting in a broken leg. He was hospitalized and tre ated for his injury
fall_nonfatal	At 2:40 p.m. on July 19, 2017, Employee #1, a roofer trainee/helper, and Coworke r #1, a foreman, both employed by a construction company, were engaged in roofin g repair and replacement at a two-story single family residence. They were insta lling roofing tiles over an underlayment of tar paper installed by another work crew. Toward the end of the work day, preparing to finish work at the instructio n of Coworker #1. Employee #1 walked away from Coworker #1 and toward a Werner 2 4-foot extension ladder placed along the roof's eve. Before he could climb down from the roof, Employee #1 slipped on the tar paper and fell down to the concret e surface, a fall height of 17 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures of his hip, wrist, and both knees that required surgery.  The subseque nt investigation determined that Employee #1 had not received training on slip a nd fall hazards of working on underlayment during very hot weather.
caught_fatal	At approximately 7:46 a.m. on March 2, 2016, an employee was unhooking a water h ose from the milling machine. The Employee was crushed between water truck and m illing machine when the water truck moved forward and the employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on September 1, 2016, an employee was adjusting grade stake at the side of the roadbed. The employee was caught under the right tread of the bulldozer. He received multiple internal injuries from being crushed und er bulldozer tread and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 16, 2020, an employee was in the process of taking a sho wer. The employee was closing the door to the bathroom.  He put his left hand in the door jam and closed the door with his right hand, while his left hand was s till in the door jam. The employee amputated his left ring finger and was hospit alized.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on July 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was walking on a construction site.  He slipped, fell, and fractured a finger. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for the finger fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:28 p.m. on May 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was p lacing a rubber cover on the roof of a three-story building.  The employee fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the h ospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple injuries.  These include d fractures to his right thighbone, pelvis, left arm, and rib.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on July 18, 2020, an employee was climbing an extension ladder when the ladder failed. The employee lost his balance and fell approximately twelve feet and received a neck fracture and head trauma. The employee was taken to a l ocal hospital for treatment and later died.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was using a battery-operated SkilSaw circular saw at a commercial building const ruction site.  The sawblade came into contact with three fingers on the employee 's left hand, causing lacerations.  The employee received medical treatment for the lacerations but was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on March 3, 2017, an employee was securing a paint can to the cab of a forklift that was located on a trailer. As he turned around to walk towards the steps of the trailer, he tripped and fell,   approximately 36 inches to the dirt ground. The employee sustained a fractured right hip, which he was hospita lized and received treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:40 p.m. on or about June 20, 2006, Employee #1, of Northern Kentucky Electric Service, Inc., was identifying and repairing switch problems on an HVAC pump. The switch was a part of the 1,600-amp master control panel for an occupied commercial building. The line side was energized and the load side was off; the current was 480 volts, phase-to-phase, and 270 volts, phase-to-ground. Employee #1 was using an uninsulated tool to tighten amps and receivers when an arc flash occurred. He sustained second- and third-degree burns to his face, right hand, and right arm, for which he was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 12:15 p.m. on June 21, 2017, Employee #1 was using an 8 ft, A-f rame ladder to access and make repairs on the plate of a sprinkler head. As he w as on the extension ladder, the ladder slipped and Employee #1 fell, suffering a back injury. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 22, 2018, Employee #1 was assisting in the placement of a large steel awning above the front entry way of a house. While suspended, the st eel canopy became dislodged and suddenly moved towards the exterior wall of the house. Employee #1's head became caught between the house and the steel porch ca nopy. Employee #1 suffered a crushing traumatic head injury and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on February 12, 2019, an employee was operating a table saw while c utting laminate material and his finger came into contact with the rotating saw blade, amputating his pinky and ring finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 12:40 p.m. on November 17, 2018, Employee #1 was assisting a coworker in plac ing a mechanical auxiliary support of a Liebherr LR 1500 crawler crane onto a tr uck trailer. The support weighed approximately 2.5 tons. The coworker loaded the mechanical auxiliary support by means of a JLG brand rough terrain forklift, Mo del G12-55A. Employee #1 stood on the bed of the trailer to help spot. After the support was initially placed on the trailer it was determined that there was a need to reposition the support on the trailer. A second attempt was made.  At so me point during the second attempt as the coworker was telescoping the loaded ro ugh terrain forks away from the operators cab and towards the direction of the t ruck bed, with Employee #1 holding onto the spindle and walking backwards, Emplo yee #1 fell off of the trailer bed approximately  3-ft 4-inches to the ground be low. The mechanical auxiliary support became unstable and slipped off the forks of the rough terrain forklift and Employee #1 was ultimately stuck by the fallin g support and sustained fatal injuries. Employee #1 sustained a crushing injurie s to his abdomen after being struck by the falling mechanical auxiliary support of the crane and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on July 25, 2016, Employee #1, a roofer, was removing his tool belt when he was struck by lightning and killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on May 17, 2019, an employee was troubleshooting a variable speed d rive (VSD) and electric submersible pump (ESP) at a drill site when he was kille d from electrocution.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was using a battery-operated SkilSaw circular saw at a commercial building const ruction site.  The sawblade came into contact with three fingers on the employee 's left hand, causing lacerations.  The employee received medical treatment for the lacerations but was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on October 21, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a highway constructio n company, was replacing the air bake chamber of a dual axle heavy duty truck, a 2007 Sterling LT9500 Dump Truck.  A jack stand that was supporting the right re ar wheel/axle apparently kicked out.  The truck collapsed onto Employee #1, who sustained fatal crushing injuries.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 20, 2020, Employee #1 was installing siding at an exist ing residential structure.  He was taking measurements while working from a ladd er and the roof.  The employee lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 10 fe et.  His head struck the concrete pavement.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force t raumatic injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 6:00 p.m. on May 20, 2013, Employee #1, a painter employed by Spartan Contracting LLC, was working as part of a painting crew. The crew was making preparations to paint the Glover Cary Bridge on Hwy 2262 in Owensboro, KY. The crew finished their work for the day. They were in the process of securing the area. Employee #1 returned to the bridge upper frame. He was electrocuted. He was found lying unresponsive on the catch net, just below the upper framework of the bridge. The subsequent investigation of this fatality determined that the employer had been contracted by Kentucky Transportation Cabinet District II to do the bridge painting.
electrocution_fatal	On or near August 17, 2006, Employee #1, a 32-year-old worker who had been employed for five months, was apparently fabricating and welding a bracket for the outside portion of the sleeper rack on a Peterbilt tractor, in the rear southwest corner of an automotive shop. Employee #1 removed the bracket and welded from the outside, with the MIG (metal inert gas) machine. When he ran out of argon, Employee #1 asked a coworker if he could use the electrical Lincoln two-arc welding machine (Model Number AC-225). The coworker apparently informed Employee #1 that they did not use the welding machine, because it did not work right, but the employees began to search for welding leads. Employee #1 used the Lincoln welding machine to complete the welds to the bracket and then showed his coworker that the welding machine did work, before he proceeded to complete the task. Employee #1 placed and welded the bracket which was located under the frame on the driver's side, approximately 32 inches from the outside frame, in a very awkward position for welding. Employee #1 proceeded to use the Lincoln welding machine to complete the welds on the bottom of the C-channel bracket. An interviewed coworker heard a shout and ran to Employee #1, who was approximately 15 feet to 20 feet away. The coworker found Employee #1 on the ground, lying on his right side. Employee #1 was killed. The coworker went on to mention that Employee #1 had his back turned away, and he could not tell if Employee #1 had the stinger in his hand. At the scene, the CSHO (Compliance Safety and Health Officer) noted that the welding machine was in the "on" position (disconnected) and the welding rod was still in the stinger. The investigation concluded that Employee #1 was possibly electrocuted, until otherwise ruled by the Medical Examiner's office. Evidence for the conclusion included welding leads with several exposed areas on the stinger and the ground ends, a broken ground clamp, and very dry-rotted and cracked ground leads. There was also a possibility that the DC (direct current) electrical welding machine was connected to the 220-volt AC (alternating current) metal quad box on the ground, apparently with a flexible extension cord.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m.. on October 23, 2019, an employee was unloading an enclosed traile r and fell from it at some point.  The employee was sustained multiple injuries to include a fractured skull, eyes, bruised to his arms and legs as well as frac turing both legs.  The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 9, 2019, Employee #1 was driving a stand-up forklift to move pallets of merchandise at a distribution center. After dropping off a load, Employee #1 began to reverse his forklift into the traffic path. He did not see another forklift coming and collided into the broadside of the other forklift. Employee #1 slowed the collision by extending his left foot outside of the stand -up forklift. Employee #1 sustained an open fracture of his left foot when his f oot became caught between the two forklifts. He was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 25, 2022, an employee worked to fill foundation walls w ith concrete. A nearby forklift with the boom overextended caused the forklift t o tip forward and the load to fall onto the employee. The employee was hospitali zed to treat rib fractures, a collapsed lung, and internal bleeding.
electrocution_fatal	On August 17, 2009, Employee #1 was installing a light fixture from a ladder, approximately 10 ft above the floor. He fabricated and installed brackets to the wall for the light, and then attached the light to the brackets. Employee #1 was connecting the 110 volt electrical lines, when he received an electrical shock and fell from the ladder. He struck an iron bar that was in a wall storage rack, before hitting the concrete floor. He died from a low voltage electrical shock.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:45 a.m. on December 21, 2018, an employee was climbing down a ladder and le t got before reaching the last step.  The employee lost his balance, fell from t he ladder, and landed on his right hip.  The employee fractured his hip and need ed to have his hip replaced.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:20 p.m. on March 23, 2019, Employee #1 was adding an extension attachment t o a forklift for an aluminum extrusions manufacturer. His head and hand were str uck while installing a 55 in long by 3 ? to 4 in wide extension to a Nissan Fork lift (Model Number CF50LP). Employee was hospitalized for a laceration on the ba ck of head and crushed right index finger.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:09 a.m. on August 10, 2017, an employee was constructing wooden truss comp onents.  The employee was using a rolling press/table to secure the wooden truss pieces together and caught his leg in the press.  The initial report does not p rovide any injury specifics beyond that.  The employee was hospitalized. The accident occurred on 08/10/2017, at or about 11:09 AM.  The employer re ported the serious injury to DOSH on 08/10/2017, at 4:49 PM in compliance with t he requirements of T8CCR 342.    The DOSHs investigator arrived on site on 08/ 10/2017, at or about  5:00 PM.  The injured was a full time permanent employee o f Unisource Staffing, Inc.      Juan Abundis was the injured employees supervis or and he was engaged in oversite of the truss manufacturing process    The inju red employee was injured on the rolling press table in the east end of the build ing.   The injured employee was engaged in the assembly of wooden truss componen ts.    The injury occurred when the employees foot was caught by the cross-brac e of the truss being assembled on the table. Once caught by the cross-brace, his foot was pulled under the safety shut-off bar, which did not function, and into the rollers of the press table, causing crushing injuries and fractures.    The followings are the factors that would have prevented the accident: Safety shut- off bar not functioning; ineffective training on machine operation and hazards, including but not limited to the shut-off safety bar position.  Employee suffere d crushing injuries to his right leg, resulting in its amputation just above the knee. His left leg suffered multiple fractures as it was pulled down between th e rollers and the table.  The employee was transported to Riverside County Hospi tal Medical Center where he was hospitalized for a period of 4 weeks. He was in a rehab facility for an additional 3 weeks after release from the hospital.  The employer was cited serious accident related violations for 3203 (a) (7), and  4206(a).   Rolling press table
caught_fatal	An employee was caught between the base of a track hoe and its tracks. The employee was killed due to unspecified injuries sustained in the incident. No other information was given in the original abstract.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on March 22, 2022, two employees were disassembling a crane set fo rm. A crane lifted one of the connecting wall forms and the employees began to r emove the bracing of the other standing forms, which ultimately fell onto the em ployees. The employees were crushed between the steel wall form panel. Both empl oyees were killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on January 20, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a maintenance servic es company, was working alone at a job site.  He was working from an aerial lift .  His head became pinned between the aerial lift and the structure he was worki ng on.  On site emergency personnel responded, and Employee #1 was transported b y air to the hospital.  He was responsive upon arrival and was admitted to the h ospital.  Employee #1 was treated for a concussion.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 13, 2019, Employee #1 was setting up a winching system , using a vehicle and a 7.5 pound snatch block to drag a felled tree from uphill down towards the road. As he applied tension with the vehicle, he got out to ch eck the rope on the snatch block. The rope he used to secure the snatch block fa iled, propelling the snatch block, which struck Employee #1 in the head, killing him.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 pm, on March 31, 2022, Employee #1 was finishing concrete as it was bein g placed when he was struck by the boom of the concrete pump truck pouring the c oncrete.  One of the outriggers on the pump truck rapidly sunk into the ground c ausing the boom to collapse and hit Employee #1. The employee suffered severe tr auma and died.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on January 18, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was installing drywall to the ceiling of an existing two-story commercial bu ilding.  He was kneeling/sitting on a 6-inch pipe when he slipped and fell backw ards.  His right leg became wedged between two steel pipes, and his back struck metal shelving.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treat ed for possible ligament and muscle damage to his leg and muscle strain to his b ack.  He was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	On June 23, 2015, at approximately 3:34 p.m., an employee was killed after susta ining fatal blunt trauma injuries to the thorax and abdomen while he was operati ng a vacuum truck.  At the time of the accident, the employee was operating Fede ral Signal Vactor Guzzler XCR truck that was simultaneously vacuuming out the sp ent Molsiv LNG-5 catalyst (adsorbent solid beads) out of C-160A Drier/Adsorber V essel and off-loading this material via a swing-out loading cyclone into labeled DOT 55-gallon metal drums. There was an explosion, two metal caps on the trucks silencer outlet ports blew off, and at least one struck the employee on his lef t upper back, left lower back, and buttock. The employee died approximately two hours later. The area where the employee was probably standing was approximately two feet, 11 inches from the two outlet ports located on the silencer.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on May 6, 2016, an employee was walking backward toward the edge of a roof, to place a roofing materials in place. The employee tripped and fell ov er the edge of roof. The employee fell 16 feet to the paved ground level below a nd was killed.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 4, 2015, the employee was at a recycling yard unloading a sphalt debris from a quad axle dump truck.  The employee was working alone. Afte r dumping the asphalt debris, with the dump bed still tilted in the dump positio n, the employee walked to the back of the dump truck to visually check to ensure the bed was clear of all debris. The employee was struck in the  head by the ta ilgate and killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 19, 2017, an employee was helping a crew install a ceilin g joist for main living room area.  The employee tried to jump away from the sca ffold when the ceiling joist fell and the employee fell backward, falling off of the scaffold.  The employee struck the back of his head on the concrete and was killed from a concussion.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on July 17, 2014, Employee #1 was on an 8 foot step ladder attempting to install metal shims to plumb and level a steel support beam , weighing approximately 900 pounds. He lost his balance and fell, and then was struck by the falling steel beam. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 12, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing company, was framing an exterior wall at a multi-employer project, a new two-st ory residence.  He was working from the second story and applying weather proofi ng to the wall prior to erection.  Employee #1 stepped backward, fell 11 feet, a nd struck his head on a piece of lumber.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on May 28, 2017, Employee #1 was using a pneumatic nail gun to fast en shingles to a second story roof, which was 20 feet off the ground. The employ ee was wearing a safety harness, but it was not tight. As the employee moved acr oss the roof to retrieve additional shingles from another area of the roof, it h ad begun to rain, causing the roof surface to become slick. Employee #1 lost his footing and fell from the roof to the first level of the home. He sustained mul tiple injuries that included a fractured vertebra and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on August 6, 2019, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by an H VAC company, were loading copper steel pipes onto a truck bed outside the employ er's warehouse/shop area.  They were using a forklift and an 8-foot sling strap to load a 26-foot, 494-pound pipe when the strap slipped off the fork, causing t he pipe to fall and crush Employee #1's arm.  Employee #1 was transported and ad mitted to the hospital for treatment of a fractured arm.
fall_fatal	At 6:50 p.m. on August 11, 2014, Employee #1 was positioned on the lower roof of a house, installing siding on the house and under the soffits. The employee was not wearing fall protection when he fell 13.5 feet and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	Employee #1 was working on a breaker when a phase to phase contact occurred, exposing him to an arc flash which seriously injured him. Employee #1 sustained burns and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 5, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in the construction of a new building.  He was dismantling a steel DOKA concrete forming panel.  Without first ensuring that the forming panel was connected to the tower crane and thus secured, the employee removed all structu ral t-bolts holding the forming panel upright .  The forming panel broke loose f rom the concrete and fell to the ground.  Employee #1, whose fall protection was attached to the forming panel, fell 19 feet and struck his head against the con crete surface.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was kil led.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 noon on June 5, 2002, Employee #1, a circuit breaker technician and wireman, was working on a panel in the newly installed main electrical power distribution and motor control center. He was using a non-insulated keyway punch to make a slot in a button hole in a cabinet door when he inadvertently contacted an energized 48-volt AC busbar that was grounded between the busbar and the cabinet's door. Coworkers saw the flash and heard a boom, and went to investigate. They found Employee #1 walking away from the panel and assisted him to a nearby hose, where they put water on his head, arms, and hands. Employee #1 suffered second- and third-degree electrical flash burns to his head, face, arms, and hands, for which he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:05 p.m. on October 31, 2018, an employee was operating a Crown RC 5500 Seri es Standup Powered Industrial Truck and was approaching a bollard too quickly. The employee put his hand out to try and stop the lift before hitting the pole, crushing his left hand when it was caught between the truck and bollard.  The em ployee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 12:45 a.m. on July 31, 2017, an employee was painting lines on a runway.  The employee was struck by a motor vehicle and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:33 a.m. on September 6, 2018, an employee was moving a pallet truck when i t started to roll over.  The employee jumped to the sidewalk and was caught when the truck fell on him, fracturing both legs.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 30, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were painting the e xterior of a commercial building.  They were working on the first floor roof pai nting the trim along the second floor roofline.  They had accessed the roof usin g a portable extension ladder that extended approximately 36 inches above the ro of surface, but was not tied off or secured near the top of the ladder.  Employe e #1attempted to descend the ladder while carrying a 1 gallon paint can in one h and.  After he descended approximately four rungs, the ladder shifted, causing h im to lose his balance and fall approximately 15 feet to a concrete driveway.  E mployee #1 was hospitalized to treat fractures to his pelvis, right arm, leg, an d foot.
caught_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on October 21, 2016, an employee was driving a track hoe near a rec ently backfilled excavation area. The employee sank into the recently excavated and concrete backfilled area. The employee was trapped in the cab of a track hoe and the employee was killed by engulfment.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 p.m. on July 29, 2021, an employee was recovering a vehicle from the a r oadway when he was struck by a motorist. The employee was killed after incurring head and multiple internal injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 15, 2019, an employee climbed a twenty-four foot fiberg lass extension ladder sitting on a ledge approximately fifteen feet above the gr ound. While the employee attempted to transition from the ladder to the roof, th e unsecured ladder kicked out at the bottom. The employee fell approximately eig ht feet, struck the ledge and then fell an additional fifteen feet to the ground . The employee was hospitalized for treatment of fractures to four ribs, right f orearm and left wrist, contusions to kidneys and intestines, and torn ligaments in the left wrist.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:35 a.m. on September 06, 2017, Employee #1, a new trainee, was operating a n empty electric rider double pallet jack, MHE/ EPJ - Crown, Model number PE4500 -80 and Serial number 10044381, designated #150. The employee was being trained and certified at the designated training area facility. He was driving the empty rider double pallet jack #150 and maneuvering to avoid collision. Employee #1 s truck against a battery charging station, pinning and fracturing his left lower leg. The employee was taken by emergency services to a nearby hospital, and surg ery was performed. Employee #1 was hospitalized for more than 24 hours.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 17, 2021, an employee worked to disconnect a Unistrut f rom an HVAC line while working from a ladder. At some point, fireproofing materi al fell from the ceiling and startled the employee, who then fell approximately five feet. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat a compou nd fracture to the right tibia (lower leg).
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a marine coatings compan y, was working at a shipyard.  He was installing planks as part of a marine hang ing staging on a barge.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell to the bottom of a tank, a fall height of approximately 8 feet 10 inches.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries related to the fall.
fall_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 24, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was installing cedar shake siding on the west side of a three-story residenti al building.  He was working with no fall protection from the plank of an interm ixed scaffold system approximately 20 feet above ground.  The employee fell and landed at the bottom of a below-ground open stairwell under the scaffold, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  As he landed, his head struck the concrete st airway.  Employee #1 sustained a traumatic head injury and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on May 29, 2019, an employee carried two corbels (decorative wood t rim pieces, approximately eighteen inches by nine inches by eight inches in size and weighing thirty to forty pounds each) down a paved street. At some point, t he employee slipped and fell with the corbels landing on the employee's right lo wer leg. The employee was hospitalized to treat multiple fractures to the right lower leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:11 p.m. on May 3, 2019, Employee #1 was assisting his employer, the owner o f a roofing company, during renovation work at a two-story single-family residen ce.  The work involved climbing a scaffold constructed by another contractor.  T he scaffold had no fixed ladder, lacked end rails, and was not fully planked on the first level.  As Employee #1 attempted to climb onto the scaffold without us ing fall protection, he fell, a fall height of 10 feet, and struck the base of a palm tree decorated with rocks.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a laceration and contusion of the forehea d.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on June 29, 2018, an employee was working at a residential construc tion site. As he was located on the ground floor of a residence, moving lumber f rom one location to another, he fell 11 feet into an opening where a stairway wa s going to be built from the ground floor to the basement. The employee suffered a severe head trauma and was killed.
caught_fatal	On January 18, 2014, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, carpenters employed by a construction company, were engaged in exterior carpentry work at a bridge. They were in the basket of an aerial lift and removing bolts from the top edge of the easternmost concrete bulb T-beam (tee beam) that supported a catwalk along the eastern edge of the bridge. Employee #1 was operating the controls of the aerial lift. He was facing the control panel and had his back to the bridge. As he extended the boom of the aerial lift, he was caught between the bottom of the T-beam and the aerial lift's control panel. Employee #1 was fatally crushed. This fatality was investigated by Tennessee OSHA.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on March 26, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a constr uction company, were working at a multiemployer construction project.  Employee #1 was using a Skilsaw electric power saw to cut a 16-inch long piece of 2 by 6 plywood.  The coworker was holding the lumber down with another piece of wood. The sawblade became caught in the plywood, and Employee #1 lifted the saw and th e wood in an attempt to free the blade.  The saw kicked back, and the blade stru ck Employee #1's right hand, cutting the fingers and amputating the tip of the l ittle finger.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was treated for the finger lacerations and partial amputatio n and released without hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on March 9, 2017, an employee accessed the 1/12 pitc h roof to initially assess the storm damage on the west rake edge. He stepped on the bent piece of metal to see if it would bend down. The employee lost his bal ance and fell to the asphalt. The employee suffered head and rib fractures and c ollapsed lung for which he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On July 26, 2011, an employee, of Sizemore Plumbing and Heating LLC, Albany, Georgia, was working as a plumber helper. He entered a crawl space in a single family residential structure to repair a leaking metal pipe. He came in contact with electrical hazards. He received an electric shock which caused a fatal cardiac arrest.
caught_fatal	On March 23, 2009, Employee #1 was waiting beside his truck on the shop floor during an oil change. The mechanic got into the truck to turn the wheels of the truck straight. The truck has power steering which requires that the engine be turned on. The mechanic turned on the truck, with the truck still in gear, and the front wheels moved and struck Employee #1, catching him between the truck wheels and the waste oil tank beside the truck stall. Employee #1's chest was crushed, and he died on site.
electrocution_fatal	On November 10, 2008, Employee #1, a 37 year-old-male electrician, working for Salt River Project, was working with a coworker and at elevation on a wooden power pole, changing out a bell insulator on an energized 12kv line. The insulator appeared to have been damaged from a previous lightning strike. Both employees were belted to the pole, at about the 25-to-30 feet off the ground. Employee #1 had just finished performing some rubber glove work and stepped back down to a lower elevation on the pole to then use a live-line tool. Employee #1 had removed his rubber gloves and was waiting to receive a live-line tool from the coworker, who was positioned on the other side of the pole. It was reported that rubber gloves are not used when working with live-line tools. While Employee #1 was leaning back against the belt awaiting the live-line tool, Employee #1 raised his right hand to the same level as his head and an electrical arc occurred that went into Employee #1's right hand, stopping his heart.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:10 a.m. on October 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a tunnel construction company, was preparing for the lifting of a large steel plate.  He was attemptin g to rotate and position a lifting magnet onto the steel plate.  The lifting mag net was connected to a forklift boom.  As he was handling the magnet's lifting s hackle, with his finger in a pinch point, pressure from the forklift boom was re leased, and the lifting shackle pinched his finger against the magnet case.  The tip of his left pinky finger was amputated.  The employee received treatment fo r the partial finger amputation but was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 1:56 p.m. on October 12, 2018, an employee was repairing a roof and stepped o nto an unsupported section.  The employee fell from the roof and struck his head on the concrete slab.  The employee was transported to the hospital and later d ied.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on March 19, 2019, an employee was performing water intrusion repa ir work on a flat rooftop of a commercial structure approximately 12 feet above ground level. The employee was kneeling on a skylight when it gave way causing h im to fall through the skylight to the floor of a medical office suite below. Th e employee suffered a dislocated and fractured shoulder and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	A power line worker was removing protective grounds from all three phases of a 69-kilovolt overhead power line. An electrical arc occurred and burned the employee on the hands. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on July 8, 2014, Employee #1 was operating an excavat or with a shear attachment. After completing shearing work on the structure bein g demolished, he tracked over to a new location, including rotating the excavato r's superstructure 180 degrees. A piece of 1.5-in. square tubing that was 6 foot long was projected at the left side of the operators cab first striking the do or and then penetrating  the tempered glass window. The tubing then struck Emplo yee #1 in the head.  He was hospitalized and later died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m., Employee #1 and Employee #2 were performing pre-job planning for w ork to be done at a later date.  Employee #1 opened the electrical box and an ar c flash occurred.  Employees suffered burns.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roof removal compa ny, was on the roof of a commercial building and hauling roofing materials.  He fell through an opening, a fall height of 25 feet.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for a fractured lower back.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on January 22, 2019, an employee was making a night delivery when h e fell on ice as he was walking up the stairs. The employee struck his head incu rring serious head injuries and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on June 18, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was working from an 8-foot Type A ladder at a residential construction jobsite.  He was drilling a hole in a ceiling joist in preparation for installing sprinkler t ubing.  The electric power drill he was using locked up.  The employee lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 4 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured right collarbone and a small brai n hemorrhage.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:40 p.m. on July 23, 2009, Employee #1 was operating a forklift, Number 15, moving a pallet of wooden poles. The load shifted and he used his left hand to prevent the load from falling. His finger was pinched between the frame of the forklift and the load, amputating it.
caught_fatal	Between the hours of 10:30 and 11:45 a.m. on August 23, 2010, Employee #1, an industrial truck service technician, was called by a local frozen food manufacturer/distributor to replace a damaged hydraulic line on an electric fork lift. It appeared that Employee #1 tilted the mast forward and climbed between the mast and fork truck's front cage in order to access the damaged hydraulic line. It was assumed that a part of his body struck the fork truck's mast control levers, causing the mast to tilt back towards the truck and catch his head between the mast's horizontal bracing and the truck's overhead guard. He was killed when his head became caught between and crushed by the fork lift truck's mast and the frame of the overhead protective cage. The incident was unwitnessed. A coworker stated that the key to the forklift was found in the ignition in the "ON" position.
caught_fatal	At 1:53 p.m. on September 19, 2019, an employee unloaded a load of D-rock gravel and was caught between the trailer and loader when the trailer was backed up. The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 15, 2021, an employee was working as a spotter as a larg e steel drainage pipe was being lowered into place by a Taylor TE-300, 30,000-po und forklift.  The forklift was located outside of a property fence facing downw ards on the incline of a small hill. The forklift was fitted with a boom attachm ent that was fabricated by the employer and was not secured to the mast of the f orklift. The forklift slipped forward and came to a quick stop causing the the b oom attachment to slide off of the forklift forks. The employee was struck in th e back by the boom attachment. The employee suffered lacerated and ruptured inte rnal organs and died from his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on June 20, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a scisso r lift in the basement of a building and testing ductwork for leaks. As he backe d up the scissor lift, he struck the rear side of his head against a steal beam. Employee #1 suffered from prolonged headaches for approximately two weeks follo wing the incident. He was hospitalized on or about July 8, 2017 with a subdural hematoma injury to his head.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:25 p.m. on July 22, 2020, Employee #1 was hooking up trailers with a dolly, preparing to haul a tandem (i.e., double) load. Employee #1 lifted the front of the dolly to connect to the rear of the front trailer.  The dolly was under the rear trailer, which was putting weight on the dolly causing the dolly to dart f orward when the front of the dolly was lifted.  Employee #1 suffered a broken le ft femur when the employee's leg was caught between the dolly and front trailer. The employee was admitted and  treated at the hospital.
struck_fatal	At 10:55 a.m. on October 6, 2015, Employee # 1, from a construction company, was working as a laborer on a residential construction site. Employee #1 was part o f a crew assigned to install drainage pipes inside a trench.  A co-worker was op erating a bucket excavator above the trench and moving the excavated soil to the left side of his equipment in preparation for the final slope grade of the work site. After dumping a bucket of soil materials, the co-worker swung the excavato r boom to the right to pick  up another bucket of soil.  During this process he did not have a clear view of the employee on foot. Employee # 1 walked near the reach of the excavator and was struck in the head by the moving excavator bucke t. He fell to the ground. Emergency personnel were immediately contacted and the employee was pronounced dead at the scene.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a drywall contractor, wa s doing interior work in a unit of a multifamily residential building.  He was i n the process of mudding drywall on an interior closet.  While holding a tray of mud in his hand, the employee attempted to climb a 4-foot rolling scaffold to r each the top portion of the closet area without first locking the scaffold's whe els.  As the employee attempted to step onto the bottom step of the scaffold, th e scaffold rolled out from under him, causing him to fall back and hit his head on the concrete floor, a fall height of approximately 2 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a head concu ssion.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 4:30 p.m. on September 28, 2011, Employee #1, a welder, went between his electric Lincoln Electric Power MIG 255XT welder and the metal building to close the overhead door at the end of his shift. He was electrocuted, and the Fresno Fire Department and the Fresno County Coroner's Office responded at the scene. Electrical burn markings on the physical accouterments that would be expected were not revealed during the investigation.
caught_fatal	On April 19, 2010, Employee #1, a truck driver of Tom Thumb Store, was delivering merchandise to store number 3560. While aligning the truck to the loading dock, he walked to the rear of the trailer to adjust the dock plate. While adjusting the plate, the trailer rolled backwards and pinned Employee #1 between the trailer and the dock wall. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 12, 2019, an employee was working for a firm that engaged in demolition, disaster recovery, general contracting, environmental remediation , and materials recycling activities. He was operating a knuckle boom brush grap ple crane. A log in the grapple's clamshell slid out and struck him. He fell to the ground. He suffered head and brain injuries from contact with the log and wi th the ground. He was hospitalized for two or more days.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was in the bucket of an aerial lift, grounding the vehicle to a neutral line. He became disoriented and, with his left hand, grabbed a 7,200-volt phase conductor, instead of the neutral, while he as holding a grounding chain in his right hand. He was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on February 6, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was operating a nail gun while working from scaffolding at a construction sit e.  A beam fell off a post and hit a 2 by 6 plank.  The plank then struck Employ ee #1's right hand, causing the nail gun he was holding in that hand to hit him in the head.  Employee #1 fell from the scaffold, landed on the ground feet firs t, and then collapsed.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a head laceration.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on March 17, 2022, an employee was laying down decking with the res t of the crew. One corner of the decking would not fit in place. The employee re positioned and stepped on top of a brace between trusses. When the employee went to try to force the decking in place, the brace gave way and the employee fell approximately 15 feet onto the concrete ground. The employee sustained an injury to the head and broken limbs, and later died in the hospital.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on September 5, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were performing ca rpentry work at a job site that included a garage, a single-story pump house, an d a residential building.  They were installing plywood on the wall of the pump house, using two step ladders set on a scaffold plank that was resting on top of a horse scaffold (A-frame).  The scaffold was not secured against the wall of t he building, and the scaffold plank was resting at the very top of the scaffold and was not braced or secured.  The stepladders were leaning against the wall of the building, and the ladder footings were resting on the scaffold plank.  The scaffold moved, causing the two employees, the scaffold, and the ladders to fall at least 10 feet and strike the concrete floor.  Employee #1 required hospitali zation and surgery for a fractured right leg femur.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 a.m. on June 14, 2022, an employee and a coworker were power washing hig hway overpasses and bridge foundations. The employee and a coworker were riding in the back of a box truck that was towing a trailer with power washing equipmen t. They were heading to the next worksite along a highway when the employee fell from the unsecured tailgate. The employee was run over by the equipment trailer in a Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) work-zone incident. The employee was struck by, crushed, and caught between the over-the-road equipment trailer and the road, killing him. The employer failed to ensure that each emplo yee had adequate seating during travel from work site to work site in the back o f a box truck within the established traffic control zone. The employees were as signed to perform operations to include but not limited to expansion joint repai r, pressure washing, and application of preservative coatings.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was working from a 6-foot ladder and putting a cover on a 277-volt junct ion box.  He received an electric shock, which caused him to fall from the ladde r and strike his head.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospi tal, where he required treatment for a skull fracture and brain hemorrhaging.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on October 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s engaged in roofing repair work at a building jobsite.  After cleaning up trash /debris on the roof, he assisted in measuring a roof hole.  Employee #1 fell thr ough the hole and landed on the concrete floor inside the building, a fall heigh t of 27 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures to the hip, foot, back, and face.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on August 20, 2018, an employee worked with a coworker on a scaffol d to paint a building. The scaffold did not have end rails and not tied to the b uilding when it shifted. This caused the employee to lose balance, fall approxim ately thirteen feet, and receive a fracture to the left wrist, leg and pelvis. T he employee was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 18, 2012, an employee was installing roofing paper on a porch overhang from an aluminum ladder, and he came into contact with the 240 volt service drop attached to the building. The employee sustained an electrical shock and was hospitalized for his injury.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on July 18, 2017, an employee was working from a ladder to paint t he eaves and window trim of the third floor of a residence. During work, the emp loyee fell from the ladder and a suffered a severe head injury that included sku ll fractures when he stuck a stone paver surface. The employee was killed as a r esult of his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 6:30 a.m. on May 29, 2012, Employee #1 was standing at the entrance to a roll -off vacuum container tank while Employee #2 removed residual waste toothpaste. The door to the container suddenly closed, crushing and killing Employee #1.
electrocution_fatal	On August 29, 2005, Employee #1, of BCF Piping Inc., was installing an air regulator. He was welding a corner section of iron pipe on a scissors lift platform 8-feet above the ground. Employee #1 received an electric shock and fell through the scissors lift to the ground. He died from his injuries. No further information was provided.
caught_fatal	On  August 17, 2017, an employee was welding on the north end of 8 foot by 4 inc h tube steel beam. While the employee was positioning to complete the weld at th e south end of the 8 foot by 4 inch tube steel beam and was halfway between weld points facing the controls of the JLG model 4006 serial 0300094851. The employe e was found dead and pinned between the controls of the JLG and the tube steel b eam. The cause of the injury was unknown at the time of the on site investigatio n.
caught_nonfatal	On October 19, 2018, an employee was hand finishing pre-cast concrete and slippe d.  The employee caught his right leg under a moving concrete form and fractured it.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 29, 2019, an employee was carrying a sheet of plywood fr om a building's west wall to the sawhorses and stepped onto a pile of debris wit h his right foot.  The employee's foot slipped and he fell, crushing two of his fingers on his right hand when the plywood sheet fell on top of it.  The employe e was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On October 13, 2009, Employee #1, of Joe Lambert Roofing, Inc., was working at a residential construction site. While he was removing old shingles on the roof the house, he back into a distribution power line supplying power to the home. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 27, 2016, an employee was pulling dry-in paper on a roo f. The employee fell off the end of the roof. He was wearing a personal fall arr est system and was tied-off. For an unknown reason he disengaged during the fall and was killed. The fall arrest equipment was examined and was operating as des igned.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on January 6, 2015, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an ele ctrical contractor, were working at a multiemployer building construction projec t.   Employee #1 was assisting Coworker #1, an electrician.  They were engaged i n a wiring operation.  Employee #1 was coiling up an electrical extension core w hen a stack of drywall panels measuring 12 feet by 4 feet toppled over and struc k him.  His leg was pinned between the drywall and the floor.  Emergency service s were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured femur.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 28, 2019, an employee was cutting toe boards for a cabin et installation project using a Milwaukee M18 portable circular saw.   The emplo yee was struck by the board when it kicked back and came across his left hand, a mputating the tip of his ring finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on March 17, 2017, an employee was climbing a ladder to reach a wor k platform that was approximately 10 feet from the ground.  The employee reached up to push the gate open at the top of the platform. He slipped and fell to the ground.  The employee suffered a contusion on his back and left shoulder.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 15, 2017, Employee #1 employed by a plumbing contractor, a nd Coworker #1 were working at a residential building job site.  Employee #1 was standing on the edge of a vertically walled excavation that was approximately 1 1 feet deep.  The edge of the excavation collapsed, and Employee #1 fell into th e trench.  A second portion of the excavation edge collapsed, striking and parti ally burying Employee #1.  Coworker #1, a self-employed equipment operator, manu ally dug out Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was t ransported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple rib fractu res, bruised kidneys, and elevated toxins in his blood.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 p. m. on June 20, 2016, Employee #1, a mechanic, arrived to change a blo wn tire on a 9 axle heavy haulage trailer carrying an oversize crane (150,000 lb total weight).  Employee #1 was trying to remove the tread from a blown tire th at wrapped itself around the axle of the trailer. The coworker, driver, was movi ng the trailer back and forth under the direction of the Employee #1 trying to g et the tread free.  Employee #1 got underneath the trailer to try to pry the tre ad off the axle and sat on the ground facing the rear of the trailer. The employ ee was straddling wheel seven of eight on the seventh axle, directly adjacent to the blown tire (six of eight).  The coworker moved the vehicle forward about th ree feet and ran over the Employee #1's leg and abdomen.  Employee #1 was killed from their injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on March 16, 2017, an employee was guiding the forklift driver that was carrying a metal grate into the building.  The employee was struck by the 3 foot by 15 foot metal grate and fractured his lower left leg.  The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on May 14, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s conducting roofing repair operations at a police station.  He was replacing mo ldings for the new gutter systems.  The employee descended to the ground level t o cut smaller fiber moldings for the gutter repairs.  The employee began to oper ate an unguarded table saw, and the blade pulled in the fiber material along wit h the employee's hand.  The employee sustained severe lacerations to his hand an d finger.  He was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatme nt of the lacerations.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 1, 2019, an employee was standing on the load of a flatbed truck repositioning wood cribbings when he slipped and fell off the wood. The em ployee fractured his left femur and required hospitalization.
caught_fatal	On January 27, 2012 Employee #1 of Prestige Exterior Maintenance LLC., was caught-between the lift arm and the chassis of a skid steer during maintenance resulting in fatal injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:14 p.m. on July 6, 2018, an employee was hitching a small utility trailer t o an all-wheel drive pick-up which were parked on a downhill grade driveway.  Th e employee hocked the trailer wheels and went to hitch the trailer's drag chains , lifted the tongue, and it jumped over the wheel chock.  He employee was struck by the trailer's tongue and fractured several ribs as well as injuring his ches t.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:00 a.m. on December 7, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical service s company, was working at a multi-employer construction project, a water/sewer t reatment plant.  After installing an emergency light and an exit sign, the emplo yee was cleaning up the work area.  As he attached the lower panel onto the elec trical box with six panel screws, one screw penetrated one of six 500-kcmil (tho usands of circular mils) wires that had been bundled together.  An arc flash occ urred, and Employee #1 was burned.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for first degree burns to his face and hands and a second degree burn to his right thumb.  Employee #1 remain ed hospitalized for four to five days.
struck_fatal	At approximately 7:05 a.m. on February 14, 2017, an employee subcontractor was w alking across the parking lot. The employee was struck by a jockey truck that wa s driven by the host employer. The employee suffered broken bones and crushing i njuries and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 24, 2017, an employee was working for a firm engaged i n new single-family housing construction. He was on the roof of a two-story resi dential cabin helping install fascia board along the edge of the roof. He was le aning over the roof's edge and pushing down on the fascia board to make it flush with an underlying 50-millimeter by 150-millimeter (2-inch by 6-inch) board. Hi s hand slipped off the board. He lost his balance and fell. He fell 5.5 to 6 met ers (18 to 20 feet) to the ground. He sustained two broken vertebrae in his back and he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on December 10, 2018, an employee was working for a firm that salv aged and recycled automobiles. He was operating a Toyota propane-powered forklif t. He was using the forklift to load pallets of alternators into a trailer. Once he had loaded the last pallet into the trailer, the trailer floor became lower than the dock. The forklift was stuck inside the trailer. The employee parked th e forklift, pulled the emergency brake, and climbed out of the trailer to inform the truck driver to move forward. The employee was standing on the rear passeng er side of the truck, informing the driver to move forward and readjust the trai ler to the dock. This way, the employee could position a ramp and back the forkl ift out of the trailer. As the truck driver moved the truck, the forklift slid o ut of the trailer and struck the employee on his left side. The employee suffere d a fractured leg, a lacerated kidney, pelvic fractures, and sacrum fractures. H e was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 4:55 p.m. on March 25, 2019, Employee # 1 was descending from a trailer truck using the steps. He fell from the second step to grade and suffer ed a fracture of the left elbow. The truck was provided with a support bar and c orrugated non slip steps to access and descend the trailer. Employee # 1 did not recall how exactly he lost balance and fell. The fall distance was approximatel y 1.5 feet. Employee #1 was treated and discharged from the hospital within four hours on March 25, 2019.
caught_nonfatal	On September 03, 2013, Employee #1 was installing a main pipe in a 15 ft deep trench on the street. The pipe lifted catching the employee's feet between the shoring box and the pipe. Coworkers came to his assistance and lifted the pipe off the employee's foot. Employee #1 was taken to Antelope Valley Hospital, where he was treated for fractures to both feet. The employee was hospitalized for two days.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on November 1, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete contracto r, was pouring concrete during the construction of a new residential structure. He was holding the flexible portion of the concrete boom truck's boom when the base of the boom (turret) broke away from the truck, fell, and struck the employ ee.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital.  The employee was determined to have sustained a severed spine and consequent paralysis.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on January 15, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a staffing company wa s using a tamper to compact loose dirt at the construction site for a commercial building.  His employer was a subcontractor on the project.  A skid-steer loade r that was backing up struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and E mployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a c rushed right lower leg and ankle.
electrocution_fatal	On July 14, 2004, Employee #1 was driving a 1987 Ford concrete mixer equipped with a Theam 39-foot belt conveyor. After delivering a full load of concrete, Employee #1 backed down a one-lane gravel country road and stopped to wash the rear chute and conveyor with a spray hose and onboard water. Using a radio remote control, he then started to fold the conveyor to its stored position, along the top of the truck. As he did so, the conveyor contacted a 7,200-volt primary distribution line that crossed over the road at an angle. The back of Employee #1's head contacted the edge of the chute on the rear of the truck, completing a circuit with the ground. Employee #1 was killed at that location.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 6, 2021, an employee and a coworker walked along a priv ate road away from the construction site. At the same time, a dump truck began t o back down the road and approached the employee and coworker. The employee was struck by the rear bumper and run over by the rear and front tires. The employee was dragged approximately fifteen feet by the dump truck and was killed by mult iple crushing, internal injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on August 24, 2016, Employee #1 was taking down a lad der when it made contact with a power pole and the employee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	An apprentice power line worker was in an aerial lift, working on a new overhead power line being installed along a rural gravel road. He was approaching an existing single-phase 7200-volt overhead power line with a grounded AWG #2 triplex service drop cable in the boom's jib. He was going to connect a service drop to a transformer. The young employee had earlier moved the transformer from an old 12.2-meter-tall pole to a new pole that was 13.7 meters tall. The employee was not wearing his rubber insulating gloves (which were still in the glove bag hanging from the tool board in the bucket), nor had he placed the rubber insulating line hose (which was also in the bucket with him) on the energized phase conductor. No one was observing him while he was working. The employee maneuvered the aerial lift bucket between the phase and neutral conductors on the existing power line, with the bucket at a 45-degree angle to the boom. The end of the triplex cable was inside the bucket with the employee. The existing line was located parallel to and closer to the gravel road than the new line being installed. The employee apparently contacted the phase conductor and was electrocuted. His supervisor found him slumped down in his bucket with the existing phase conductor running diagonally across the top of the bucket's liner and behind the dead employee.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 20, 2002, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, received an electric shock when she touched a bare electrical wire dangling from a junction box in the basement of a house, close to where she and an apprentice helper were running a Romex wire. Apparently the apprentice was not working on the wire but just happened to ask about the size of the wire. Employee #1 was holding the wire at the tip to examine it when she was shocked. Her injuries were minor and no hospitalization was needed. Employee #1 did not know the wire was energized.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:45 p.m. on March 30, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection compa ny, and Coworker #1, his supervisor, were engaged in steel erection at a multiem ployer construction project, a new manufacturing structure.  Employee #1 was in the basket of an aerial lift and installing/welding steel cross bars to an overh ead joist.  He became unresponsive, possibly from an electric shock.  The superv isor, using ground controls, proceeded to lower the basket.  When the basket was approximately 25 feet above the concrete floor, Employee #1 fell backward from the basket and landed head first.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was treated for a fractured skull.  Employee #1 died dur ing treatment.
fall_fatal	At 9:38 a.m. on October 26, 2016, a truck driver was delivering a tank of soy be an oil to an industrial facility. After parking at the facilities receiving dock , the truck driver was met by a facility worker who took samples of the tanker t ruck's contents and prepared for offloading. The truck driver then climbed a lad der that was affixed to the tanker to open its vents and successfully descended the ladder. However, for an unknown reason, he climbed the ladder once more. Onc e at the top, the driver stood up and lost his balance, falling approximately el even feet to the concrete surface below. He was found unresponsive and emergency services were unable to resuscitate him. The driver was pronounced dead at the scene. It was determined that his death resulted from skull fractures and brain contusions.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 3, 2018, an employee was assisting a coworker to guide t he butt end of a Class 2 wooden pole into place. While working to place the pole , the top end made contact with an energized 69K volt electrical transmission li ne. The employee received an electrical shock through his feet and which caused electrical burn injuries to both feet and his chest. The employee was hospitaliz ed for first and second degree burns to his chest and amputation of both feet du e to the severity of the burns.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on January 31, 2022, an employee who worked as a Framing Laborer fo r a construction contractor was hospitalized after falling 10 feet to the ground . The employee was attempting to tie off to a designated choker anchor point whe n he lost his footing and fell to the floor. The employee fractured 9 ribs, brok e his left shoulder blade and fractured 3 vertebrae.  The employee was hospitali zed for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 11:20 p.m. on May 29, 2018, an employee was working for a site preparation co ntractor. He was at a site at which a structure was undergoing demolition. He wa s near a cement block wall being demolished. A section of the wall collapsed ont o him. He was crushed, and he sustained a fatal skull fracture. He was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 2, 2007, Employee #1 and a coworker/apprentice were replacing fluorescent light fixtures. According to the apprentice, they had removed the wiring from two fixtures when he tested his lines and found they were live. The apprentice told Employee #1, who descended his 6 ft stepladder and turned off the lights at the switch on the wall next to the doorway. Employee #1 had climbed back onto his ladder when the apprentice heard him grunting and looked over to see Employee #1 falling to the floor. He had contacted the energized 277 volt wiring and suffered an electric shock. Employee #1 was seizing and grabbing his chest immediately following the incident. He sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_fatal	An employee was working for a local general freight trucking firm. He drove heav y trucks. He was tarping a load of lumber on a flatbed trailer. There are varyin g accounts of what happened next. The UPA stated that on September 17, 2021, he fell while tarping the truck. He suffered a serious injury, and he died a week l ater, on September 24, 2021, of cardiac arrest. The investigation report stated that he fell from the truck to a lower level, the ground. It makes no mention of hospitalization, suggesting that the employee was killed outright. It gives the time and date of the incident as 3:15 p.m. on September 24, 2021. The narrative stated that the employee fell or tripped from the trailer deck to the ground be low, or that he passed out while on the ground and fell over. Either way, the na rrative states that he suffered a fractured skull and ribs and a punctured lung when he struck the gravel on the ground. The investigation was in agreement with the nature of the injuries. The federal violation worksheet stated that on Sept ember 17th, the employee had tarped a load at the tarping station. It appeared t hat he had finished, except for tying the bottom corners down. The employee was found, conscious, on the ground near the passenger side of his tractor trailer. He was hospitalized with broken ribs and a fractured skull. He appeared to be ma king a recovery, when he passed away at the hospital on September 24th. An autop sy was not performed. From information provided by the hospital, the coroner det ermined the cause of death was acute hypoxic respiratory failure due to blunt fo rce injury, with chronic COPD as a contributing factor. The manner of death was an on-the-job injury.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on January 19, 2016, an employee drove into the warehouse yard, par ked, and exited his semi-trailer truck.  Bending down next to his truck, the emp loyee was struck by a coworker in another semi-trailer truck.  Although the yard was lit, the coworker did not see the employee.  The employee was killed from m ultiple blunt force trauma.
caught_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on February 14, 2015, an employee was working on an industrial lad der.  The elevator leg contained a structural failure and it collapsed.  The emp loyee was crushed and killed by the weight of the elevator leg.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 6, 2015, an employee was driving a street sweeper ahead of road construction to clean pavement.  The street sweeper was hit from the rear b y a private vehicle.  The employee was ejected from street sweeper and struck hi s head on the pavement and was killed due to head trauma.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 noon on May 22, 2019, an employee was using screwdriver to pry apart br aided wire while adjusting a secondary drop line that was too tight. While he wa s prying apart the braid, a section of cable insulation broke causing an arc fla sh. The employee was hospitalized with a third degree burn to his right hand.
struck_fatal	On December 21, 2018, an employee was strapping down pallets to a flatbed traile r.  The employee was retrieving a strap that had gotten caught on the top of a p allet and fell off of the trailer, striking the back of his head on the asphalt driveway.  The employee was killed from severe blunt force trauma to his head.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m.  on January 31, 2018, an employee was backing up a forklift and str uck a telephone pole.  The employee fractured his leg when it was caught between the forklift and pole.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on October 14, 2017, an employee was hooking up a semi truck and du al trailer set. The driver had just hooked up the last trailer in the set and go t out of the truck cab to hook up the electrical and pneumatic lines. Once he go t out, he hooked up the lines and proceeded to raise the landing gear from the l ast trailer. As he raised the landing gear, putting the weight onto the truck, t he truck started to roll backwards and pitched sideways. As the trailer moved it pinned the employee between a parked trailer that was in very close proximity a nd the rolling truck set. As a result, the employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on January 28, 2020, an employee worked to disassemble a pump jack scaffold. While attempting to lower an aluminum pole, the employee lost control and the pole contacted a 13kv electrical line. The employee was hospitalized to treat a severe electrical shock.
struck_fatal	"At approximately 1:30 p.m. on October 30, 2014, an employee was offloading a set of concrete forms from the bed of a transport truck.	 The employee had lifted t he set of concrete forms with the articulating crane that was located on the rea r of the transport truck.  While the employee was maneuvering the concrete forms off of the truck bed, the concrete forms struck the employee in the chest area. The forms had pinned the employee up against the base of the articulating cran e.  The employees back was against the base of the crane and the concrete forms had pinned him from the front in his chest area.  The employee sustained multipl e broken ribs and was killed.  The autopsy report indicated that the employee di ed from a lack of oxygen."
fall_nonfatal	On May 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a one-story commercial building rehabilitation project.  He was nailing the peri meter of the roof when he broke through an unsupported/unsecured piece of plywoo d decking and fell 13 feet, striking the concrete surface.  Emergency services t ransported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a cute traumatic injuries including an epidural  hematoma, multiple rib fractures, and fractures of the lumbar spine.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 a.m. on June 12, 2012, Employee #1 was working on a rig floor of Rig Number 514 and pulling 4.5 in. diameter pipes out of the excavation hole. He used the Hawk pipe spinner (Model Number 550) to break the pipe from the stand. To break the pipe from the stand each time, he pulled the pipe spinner from behind the A leg and placed it back behind the A leg when not in use. The entire process took about two minutes. While he worked, the pipe spinner swung from behind the A leg to the front of A leg toward him. He used his hand to push the pipe spinner away and prevent it from striking him. As he did this, his right middle fingertip was caught in the jaw chain and crushed. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he underwent treatment and was then released. The crushing injury to his finger resulted in significant distal phalangeal damage and loss that required the amputation of the fingertip.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on April 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in framing work at a single family residence.  He was using a Hita chi Nail Gun 3.5 Inch to frame a staircase.  As he nailed a wood ledger board to a wall approximately 6 feet above the floor, the nail gun struck and bounced of f a metal joist.  Employee #1 held onto the nail gun with his finger still on th e trigger.  Employee #1 inadvertently shot a nail into his head above his right eye.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported and admitt ed to the hospital.  He required surgery to remove the nail and treat the punctu re wound.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 5, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1, #2, and #3, employ ed by a construction company, were at the construction site for a three-story mu ltifamily residential building.  Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2 were engage d in erecting and securing an exterior metal scaffold.  Coworker #3 was their su pervisor.  According to subsequent statements from Coworkers #1 and #2, Employee #1 was working alone on the upper levels of the scaffold.  He was tying braces near a corner of the structure.  Employee #1 fell from the third level of the sc affold, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  No one witnessed his fall, and he did not remember the circumstances.  After falling, he rose and walked into t he first level garage, where Coworker #3 found him.  Employee #1 was bleeding an d incoherent.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis, four fractu red ribs, a collapsed lung, a laceration to his liver, and head lacerations that required staples.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:50 p.m. on April 8, 2019, an employee was working for a firm that produced broilers (chickens) and other chicken products. He was unloading the contents of a feed trailer into a feed bin. The auger feed became jammed or clogged. The em ployee removed the auger feed's access cover and tried to remove clogged feed wi th his left hand, as the auger was still running. The employee's fingertips made contact with the auger blades. The employee suffered the partial amputation of two fingertips on his left hand. He was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 23, 2016, an employee began to climb over a balcony rail ing, in order to access a ladder.The employee attempted to climb onto the ladder from the balcony's landing. However, the rusted railing failed and gave way. Th e employee fell (2-stories) to the concrete/ground. He sustained lacerations, a fractured elbow, and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on March 27, 2017, an employee was working on an elev ator shaft landing. He picked up a 6 by 6 post and dropped it. The post broke an d fell through the landing. The employee fell 9 feet through the first landing t hen 10 feet through the next landing. The employee was hospitalized and treated for two fractured ribs.
fall_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on November 8, 2013, Employee #1 was installing wood siding on a dormer. As he was working, he lost his balance and fell from the roo f. Employee #1 struck the ground and sustained multiple injuries including fract ures to his C1 and C7 cervical vertebrae and later died.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on July 30, 2018, an employee was operating a cutting torch when he reached into a metal box. As he leaned in, the weld on the box top failed and t he lid dropped down and struck the employee, who was caught between the lid and box. The employee received unspecified injuries to his head and back and was hos pitalized.
fall_fatal	On January 9, 2016 at 10:38 a.m. Employee #1 was killed when working for a frami ng company that was contracted to install wood framing in a one story building. On the day of the accident at approximately 10:38 a.m. Employee# 1 was installin g rafters onto a wall inside a one story building when he fell from a ladder ont o a pool deck and into an empty 4.5 foot deep swimming pool hitting his head at the bottom of an empty concrete pool.  Emergency services (911) was called and t he Fire and Paramedics arrived on the scene and transported Employee #1 to the h ospital and he was pronounced dead.
caught_fatal	At approximately 2:45 p.m. on September 8, 2016, an employee hooked up the fifth wheel of a freightliner truck to a semi-trailer and pulled forward to the right several feet up a slope of about three degrees without raising the landing gear (dolly legs) of the trailer. When the employee raised the dolly legs on the ref rigerated trailer, the semi rolled back down the three percent grade at an angle creating a pinch point between the trailer he had hooked up to and the trailer parked adjacent to it.  The employee was caught between the two trailers causing crushing injuries to his upper body. The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on March 23, 2017, Employee #1 was applying cold pat ch material to a road surface when he was struck by a back-up truck with flashin g arrows.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on April 17, 2017, an employee knelt down to pick up a glove that w as dropped.  The employee was struck by a 2015 GMC Sierra 2500 pickup truck when a coworker backed up and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:47 a.m. on February 1, 2021, an employee was in the process of cutting a 2 ,000 pound pipe and was about to exit the trench where the pipe was located. The pipe broke off violently striking the employee on his back and his head.  The e mployee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:20 a.m. on January 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction subcon tractor, was working at the site of a four-story multifamily residential buildin g.  He was up on the flat roof and clearing away debris.  He removed a piece of 4 by 8 plywood that was attached to the roof floor with one nail.  As he pulled the nail, he stepped backwards and fell off the roof, a fall height of 12 feet 6 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractured vertebrae.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:20 p.m. on September 29, 2008, Employee #1, a secondary forklift operator, was Crown ride-along pallet jack, Unit 224, PE 3000 Series, Model Number PE 3520-60, and Serial Number 6A173104, in a warehouse for freight shipping. While located in one of the isles, Employee #1 dismounted to position the pallet jack in order to pick up and move a pallet of goods from the bottom rack. He inadvertently rolled the throttle backward into reverse, causing the pallet jack to drive backwards, and crushed his right ankle against some stock. Employee #1 was taken to Long Beach Memorial Hospital, where he was hospitalized and underwent surgery to mend a fractured right ankle.
electrocution_fatal	On August 3, 2007, Employee #1, of BrenMar Construction, Inc., was at the P. H. Glatfelter Company to repair the fan on the boiler. He was to use a 460/575 volt, three-phase, Miller XMT304 portable arc welder, serial #LA284630, which his employer had brought to the site. However, the welder was not equipped with a plug. A BrenMar supervisor at the site consulted with a Glatfelter supervisor, and they decided to have a Glatfelter maintenance person wire a plug onto the welder's power cord, which was common practice at many host facilities, including this site. Glatfelter actually provided a cord known to be compatible with their outlets and within the voltage range of the welder. The Glatfelter maintenance worker wired the plug to the cord but, unknowingly, wired the grounding conductor to one of the hot terminals, and a hot one to the ground terminal. The maintenance worker did not plug in the welder. When the welder unit was plugged in, Employee #1 touched the frame of the welder and was electrocuted. According to Brenmar, Glatfelter and to Miller Electric Manufacturing Company, which manufactures the unit, the equipment power cord can be wired with any plug that is compatible with the outlets available at the worksite, provided the plug is within the rated voltage of the welder.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 p.m. on February 5, 2016 an employee, a truck driver, was parked and had dropped a trailer. The employee went to locate the trailer he was scheduled to pick up. The employee was struck and killed when a company trailer switcher was relocating a full trailer from the dock. The employee suffered multiple injuries to upper body.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:20 p.m. on September 10, 2018, an employee was using an overhead crane to m ove some steel beams when a  beam tipped over and fell on his right ankle, fract uring it.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on September 28, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an energy-related c onstruction company, was engaged in installation work at a military base, a mult iemployer construction project.  He was kneeling in front of an exposed conducto r in a electrical meter cabinet when he made contact with the energized conducto r.  An arc flash ensued, and the employee was burned.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment.
caught_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on March 14, 2022, an employee was loading a snow machine onto a t ilt bed trailer. The snow machine rolled off the trailer and pinned the employee underneath, killing him.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on July 20, 2022, an employee was working from a metal bracket for m scaffold platform setting up walers. The employee and coworkers were working f rom a platform supported by a metal bracket form scaffold system, while installi ng wall forms in preparation for concrete.  The employees were installing and se tting walers and other components of the wall forms while working from the scaff old platform.  The platform was over 6 feet high above the ground.  The platform consisted of two 2-inch by 7-inch wooden boards, side by side, and metal bracke t form scaffolding.  Metal stakes, about 24 inches in length, were installed in the ground to hold the turnbuckles for the wall forms.  The metal stakes extende d out of the ground about 14 inches. The employee fell from the scaffold platfor m to the ground below and was impaled by a steel stake upon landing, which resul ted in a fatality. The work platform was not fully planked or decked and the pla tform was less than 18 inches. Protection from impalement hazards regarding the metal stakes used to secure the turnbuckles of the wall forms was not implemente d. These factors may have contributed to the accident.
electrocution_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on May 31, 2016, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were part of a crew of employees moving a 48-foot pump jack scaffold support leg.  Employee #1, workin g from the ground, lifted the bottom of the scaffold leg.  Employee #2 was worki ng from an elevated box secured to the forklift forks of a Genie Rough Terrain F orklift, Model GTH844.  Employee #2 held on to the upper section of the scaffold leg, while the employer operated the rough-terrain forklift. Employee #1 and em ployee #2 both received an electrical shock when the 48-foot scaffold support le g was moved within approximately 6 feet of 7.2 KV power lines overhead and Emplo yee #1 was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 8, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roofing company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a commercial bui lding.  Employee #1 was operating a DeWalt Circular Saw with a 24-tooth blade (M odel DWE575, Serial Number 741633).  He was rip cutting a 2 by 4 plank of lumber .  The coworker was assisting.  Employee #1's left hand made contact with the sa w blade.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration to his hand and amputat ion of his pinky finger.  The finger was surgically reattached.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:15 a.m. on October 28, 2021, an employee was installing sheets of plexiglas s with a coworker when the coworker pushed the sheet into the slot before the em ployee was ready. The employee suffered a laceration to his right ring fingertip and was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 22,2019, an employee was run over by a truck and was killed .  No further details were provided by the initial report.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on July 17, 2017, an employee was in the bucket on his truck and wa s opening a clamp for a jumper wire for a center phase using a hot stick.  The e mployee hung the hot stick on a neutral and moved the bucket up to where the emp loyee could manually turn the clamp to release the hot stick.  Once completed, t he employee moved the bucket down and an electrical arc occurred.  The employee' s left arm or back of left shoulder contacted the switch or jumper of the road p hase and the employee suffered electrical burns to his left arm and shoulder.  T he employee was also hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On January 2, 2013, Employee #1, a construction helper employed by Arc Electric Company of Indian Trail, was performing electrical demolition work at a commercial building. He came into contact with 277 volts of electricity and was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on August 19, 2019, an employee walked on open floor joists to del iver sheets of plywood to different areas of the worksite. At some point, the em ployee fell approximately twelve feet and landed on their head. The employee was hospitalized for a few days while in a coma.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 17, 2018, an employee was working from a scaffold (Perr y) while taping off a wall in preparation for painting. At some point, the emplo yee fell twenty-three inches from the scaffold and received a hip fracture. The employee was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 11:28 a.m. on August 28, 2018, an employee was on the roof installing the sid ing, while working from a ladder.    According to the other employee, the employ ee complained of feeling dizzy and came off the roof and was resting for a few m inutes and then went back to work on the roof.  About 20 minutes later he fell o ff the roof, resulting in severe head, neck and back trauma.  The employee was k illed.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:15 a.m. on February 17, 2017, an employee was standing nearby an energized line.  The employee touched the energized line and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:30 p.m. on March 3, 2016, an employee was working for a firm of painting an d wall covering contractors. He was painting cabinets in a garage and he was fou nd unresponsive on the ground by the homeowner. He was taken to the hospital, wh ere he died. The medical examiner determined that he had been electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 11:28 a.m. on August 28, 2018, an employee was on the roof installing the sid ing, while working from a ladder.    According to the other employee, the employ ee complained of feeling dizzy and came off the roof and was resting for a few m inutes and then went back to work on the roof.  About 20 minutes later he fell o ff the roof, resulting in severe head, neck and back trauma.  The employee was k illed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on August 8, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new residential building.  He was installing a roof truss when the truss collapsed.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 14 feet.  He was using a personal fall arrest system, bu t the rope was too long and did not arrest his fall before he hit the ground.  E mergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitte d and treated for a fractured left tibia.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 2, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a concr ete construction contractor, were engaged in end-of-workday equipment disassembl y and clean up at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story multifamily residential structure.  Employee #1 was holding the nozzle and hose portion of s hotcrete equipment, and Coworker #1, the company foreman, was hammering on the h ose to remove a clog.  When Coworker #1 struck the clog, an air pocket unexpecte dly released a spray of shotcrete from the nozzle.  The spray struck Employee #1 .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al.  He was admitted and treated for abrasions and burns.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:10 p.m. on May 31, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction c ompany, was engaged in concrete cutting operations for a new pavement constructi on project.  He was wearing gloves and using a MECO walk-behind flat concrete cu tting saw with an 18-inch blade powered by a gasoline 4-cylinder Hyundai motor. The blade became pinched in the cut he was making.  He tried to operate a lever switch, which moves the blade up or down, but could not get the switch to work. Then he opened up the cover enclosing the motor and the battery.  He tried to wiggle the battery cable to see if that would make the switch work.  His right h and came in contact with the cooling fan's rotating blades.  His right middle fi ngertip and that part of the glove were shredded.  The employee received medical treatment for the fingertip amputation and possible electric shock and was rele ased without hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on July 8, 2011, Employee #1, a landscape laborer, was unloading at a truck a residential construction site. The weather conditions were hot and humid. After he took a break to drink water from a cooler under the office trailer, a coworker found Employee #1 unresponsive, face-down, under the office trailer. Emergency personnel responded to the site and pronounced Employee #1 dead at the scene. The coroner determined the cause of death to be electrocution.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:41 p.m. on June 4, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a pipeline construction company, were working on a public street and running underground pi pe.  Employee #1 was operating a jackhammer to remove dirt/rock from a hole made on the street when he came into contact with a high voltage underground power l ine.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of electric shock and burns.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 20, 2019, an employee was cutting a piece of wood on a table saw and caught his left hand's fingers, cutting three of them.  The employee wa s hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on April 3, 2015, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were moving a 35 ft s hingle ladder to a different part of the roof of a residential house.  As the em ployees moved the ladder, it came into contact with overhead power lines that we re approximately 30 feet above the ground and 17 feet away from the dwelling and both employees were electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On May 6, 2003, Employee #1 was operating an over-the-road hauler that measured 57 feet long. As he manually operated the tarp on the hauler, extending it to a height of 25 feet above the ground, the equipment came into contact with a 7,600 volt overhead power line that was located 21.25 feet above the ground. Employee #1 was electrocuted and killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on August 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in exterior masonry work at a multiemployer construction project i nvolving a bridge.  He was raising himself in the basket of a JLG 400 Series Tel escopic Boom Lift when he became caught between the basket and the underside of the bridge.  As he was lowered, his head scraped against a bridge support beam. Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for a fractured shoulder blade, a severe laceration to the scalp with hair ripped from the scalp, contusions and laceration to the forehead, contusion s to the chest, shoulder, and throat, and a sore neck.
caught_fatal	At approximately 4:15 p.m. on September 23, 2021, an employee was working as a c onstruction laborer for a firm that provided support activities for oil and gas operations. He and one or more coworkers were fusing high-density polyethylene ( HDPE) pipeline. The employee was retrieving a nylon sling from the operator of a skid steer. The sling caught on the controls of the skid steer. The arm of the skid steer came down, crushing the employee between the arm of the skid steer an d the chassis. The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:10 a.m. on March 4, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by an electr ical contractor, were removing a metal streetlight pole.  As a crane lifted the pole off its bolts in the foundation plate, Employee #1 used his hands to guide and stabilize the pole.  During this lifting process, the metal pole rotated and came close - approximately 6 feet - to a 12.5-kilovolt distribution line.  An e lectric arc flash occurred.  The metal pole became energized, and the electric c urrent, on its path to ground, crossed through the body of Employee #1.  Emergen cy services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and t reated for electric shock and burns.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on July 20, 2017, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a roofing c ompany, were engaged in roofing work at a residential building construction site .  They were installing roof shingles when lightning struck the roof and made co ntact with all three employees.  Emergency services were called to transport the injured employees to the hospital for treatment of electrical shock and burns. The subsequent investigation report indicated that Employees #1 and #2 required admission and hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on July 21, 2017, an employee was working for a firm engaged in gen eral local freight trucking. He had gone to an organic farming company to pick u p a load of produce. As he was walking along inside a cooler, he was struck by a forklift driven by a worker for another firm. He sustained the amputation of hi s lower right leg. The narrative did not state whether the amputation was made a bove or below the knee. He was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 24, 2019, an employee was cutting a 2 foot x 2 foot HAVC chase in a wooden floor with a reciprocating saw and fell from the ladder he wa s using.  The employee struck his head on the concrete floor and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on June 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was painting an exterior stucco wall at a one-story residential building.  He was wo rking from an 8-foot metal plank when he fell, a fall height of 8 feet, and stru ck his head against the concrete surface.  Emergency services transported the em ployee to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a traumatic head injury .
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 10:15 a.m. on March 14, 2017, workers on site were erecting for m work for concrete to be poured at a later date. An employee was standing on a single section ladder, approximately 8 feet above a concrete slab, which it was leaning against the form work.  The employee was standing on the ladder then att ached his "belly hook" connected to his fall harness onto a wood section of 2 by 4 that was in place as bracing for the form.  A coworker was standing on top of the form work keeping pressure down on plywood that the employee was attempting to screw together from below.  The employee leaned out away from the ladder wit h his weight bearing on the "belly hook" and the wood brace which then failed. The brace broke free causing the employee to fall towards the concrete below str iking another cross brace in the process.  The employee landed face down on the concrete slab and sustained facial and head injuries. The employee was hospitali zed and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on February 27, 2018, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a co nstruction company, were working at a multiemployer project, the construction of an underground pipeline.  They were working on a tunnel boring machine and usin g an overhead gantry crane to off-load three curved precast concrete segments. The segments were stacked 6 feet high, and each measured approximately 5 feet by 9 feet by 10 inches thick and weighed 11,000 pounds.  Employee #1 climbed to th e top of the stack in an attempt to connect the crane to the top concrete segmen t and begin the off-loading process.  The stack of concrete segments began to ti lt, and Employee #1's left leg was caught and pinned between the tipped segments and an adjacent steel wall.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 wa s transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for compound fractur es of both the tibia and fibula bones in his left leg.  Employee #1 remained hos pitalized for 24 days.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on July 19, 2019, an employee signaled the crane operator to lift a nacelle panel to move it out of the way. As the crane operator swung the nacel le panel, it struck the employee, who was then caught between the nacelle and a stanchion. The employee was hospitalized to treat rib fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 31, 2019, an employee was standing on the third step of a s ix foot step ladder painting metal bracing on a barn door when he fell and struc k the concrete floor. The employee fractured his left knee and leg and was hospi talized.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on July 26, 2013, Employee #1, and a coworker, were engaged in the pre-assigned task of connecting two new hydraulic cylinders to the top packer blade compactor. After successfully connecting the first cylinder, the coworker was ready to insert the connecting pin for the second cylinder to the top packer blade. Both Employee #1 and the coworker were standing in the danger zone in the hopper area behind the packer blade. Another coworker operated the hand-held rocker switch in order to bring the cylinder in line with the packer blade for pin connection to the c-clamp on the packer. As the second cylinder made contact to the packer blade, suddenly for unknown reason, the cylinder and the packer blade started retracting toward Employee #1 and the coworker. The coworker, operator, yelled at Employee #1 and the other coworker to jump out indicating his inability to stop or control the movement of the cylinder and the packer blade. Consequently, Employee #1 was pinned between the packer blade and the rubber wiper mounted on the hopper sustaining fatal injuries. The coworker sustained non-serious injuries to both his ankles while jumping out to escape. The employee was transported to an area hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on November 21, 2019, an employee had rigged a wire rope on a bundl e of lumber that was being moved and left to retrieve his personal belongings. The employee was struck by the lumber when it slipped out of the wire rope and w as crushed, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 8:54 a.m. on March 26, 2007, Employee #1, an apprentice lineman, and Employee #2, a journeyman lineman, were installing a new 12KV power line for two transformers that supplied the power to buildings. The employer specializes in the transmission and distribution of electric power to customers. Employee #1 was operating an Altec truck mounted articulating boom bucket, Unit Number 27580, to elevate himself high enough to drill holes in a new utility pole. The new utility pole was located next to an existing utility pole, which had exposed 12 KV energized conductors overhead. Employee #1 used a 120VAC corded electric drill motor that was powered through a grounded extension cord hooked to the bucket truck outlet to drill the holes. After completing his work, Employee #1 began lowering the truck mounted articulating boom bucket. As he maneuvered the bucket to pass through the gap between the overhead 12 KV exposed energized conductors and communication cables below, he contacted one of the exposed energized conductor. He was electrocuted and died. Employee #2, who was leaning against the left rear part of the bucket truck, experienced an electric shock on his right elbow.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on January 29, 2018, an employee was working alone, driving to a cu stomer jobsite to deliver a Nar Jib Boom powered industrial platform (model numb er: LWI2745) for work on an HVAC system. As he unloaded the powered industrial p latform, weighing 6,040 pounds, the chain that was rigged to hold the lift slipp ed. The unit tipped over and fell on him. The employee sustained a broken back, shattered pelvis, and injuries to his knee and shoulder. He was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 1, 2020, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a electric al services company in the telecommunications field, were working on a multi-emp loyer construction project at the intersection of two streets.  They were pothol ing to locate underground utility lines, with the aim to then bore in a new fibe r optic line under the intersection.  After finding what they thought was over-p our from the concrete curb, they used a Ring-o-matic Vacuum Excavator to excavat e over top of the concrete.  They then used a jackhammer on the concrete.  The j ackhammer bit made contact with a 12,470-volt underground electrical distributio n line, and an electric arc explosion occurred.  Employees #1 and #2 were killed by electrocution.  Employee #3, who was knocked down by the force of the explos ion, was transported to the hospital, where he was observed, determined to have no injuries, and released.
struck_fatal	On July 13, 2021, an employee who worked for a property manager was killed after being struck by a falling beam. No other details are indicated in the narrative .
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:10 a.m. on November 24, 2009, Employees #1 and #2, of Westway Construction Inc., were fitting and installing architectural sheet metal on a building. While installing the sheet metal, they used an aerial lift when they were caught between the guardrail of the lift and the building wall. Employees #1 and #2 were hospitalized for injuries. Employee #1 sustained back injuries, and Employee #2 sustained 10 fractured ribs, a ruptured liver, and internal bleeding.
struck_fatal	At approximately 5:30 a.m. on March 16, 2017, Employee #1 was struck and killed by a passing train.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:00 p.m. on July 21, 2019, an employee was rebuilding a Baker Style #20 Sett ing Tool when he noticed a gap in the bottom of the tool. The employee turned th e tool vertical in an attempt to use the weight of the tool to decrease the gap. He placed his hand in the hole end of the setting sleeve.  When he hit the tool on the ground, the sleeve came down with the tool and severed part of his right ring fingertip, requiring medical treatment without hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	On 15 April 2010, an employee was operating a soil auger inside a shallow trench. The auger was boring a hole underneath the intersection so that an 8 inch natural gas line could be laid. The auger was approximately third of the way across the intersection when the auger struck a 7,200 volt power line, electrocuting the employee operating the auger.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on May 6, 2017, an employee was working to attach a winch line onto a hoist while the hoist was being operated. The hoist operator maneuvered the e quipment too quickly and the employee's right ring finger became caught in a dam aged identification tag. The finger was amputated, resulting in the employee bei ng hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 09:45 p.m. on August 07, 2019, an employee was pressure testing a container. The Aluminum lid, weighing approximately 22 lbs,  of the container, blew off cau sing severe lacerations of employee's left elbow.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on September 9, 2016, an employee was operating an im pact wrench to tighten nuts and bolts on equipment used for grain handling. The grain handling equipment was raised above ground and held with a nylon strap att ached to a telehandler. The strap broke and the equipment fell. The employee was working below the raised load.  The employee was struck and killed by falling l oad.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 18, 2014, Employee #1 and a coworker were unloading ma terials from the back of a delivery truck. While the coworker was moving a palle t of paper from the back of the truck, Employee #1 maneuvered a hand truck towar ds the tricks lift gate. Employee #1's foot became caught between one of the h and trucks wheels and the lift gate extension plate, causing him to fall off th e edge of the lift gate.  He struck his head and face against the pavement that was approximately 39 inches below the lift gate, resulting in multiple fractures to his nose, eyes and head.  Employee #1 died 32 days later due to his injuries sustained.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 5, 2018, an employee was performing scheduled maintenanc e on a Crown forklift when he exited the warehouse garage door and lost control of the forklift.  The employee crashed the forklift into a ramp curb and guardra il.  The employee had his left foot outside of the operator's compartment and am putated it during the crash.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on December 23, 2013, an employee was inspecting a concrete pour of a dam. The work was being performed under the walkway above the dam's flood gat e. To get a better view of the work, the employee bypassed a hand rail that was in place and side stepped to a sloped area. He slipped on the slope and fell app roximately 30 feet to the base of the flood gate inlet and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on September 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a commercial clean ing services company, was cleaning debris at a multiemployer construction site, a four-story manufacturing plant.  Employee #1 appears to have removed a hole co ver.  She fell through the hole, a fall height of 14 feet.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  She was admitted a nd treated for fractures to her neck and both wrists.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on June 14, 2016, an employee had uncoupled a tractor from a milk trailer, presumably to wash the tractor. The employee pulled the tr actor up to the wash station and left the tanker filled with about 58 tons of cr eam. The trailer tipped over on the gravel surface and fell on the employee. The employee received multiple crushing injuries and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on May 1, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an excavation company, wa s working at a multiemployer construction project, an existing four-story commer cial building.  He was boring holes into a concrete wall when his sweatshirt sle eve became caught by the rotating drill shaft.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated fo r compound fractures to his forearm.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on July 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing c ompany, was working at a multiemployer building construction site.  He was pulli ng a nail from a joist while standing with one foot on the first floor top plate and the other foot on a floor joist.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell bac kwards.  As he fell, he hit his head on a brace and then landed on a concrete sl ab, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration to his back and a head concussion.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on February 8, 2019, an employee and two coworkers were working at a loading dock area. The employee and the coworkers had completed an order and f iled a shipping container with hay bales. One coworker, a yard goat operator,  d rove a terminal truck to the adjacent storage area to get an empty container and left the loaded container on the loading dock. Another coworker got a second te rminal truck to move the loaded container out of the loading dock with assistanc e of the employee. The coworker was not authorized nor trained on the operation of the truck. The employee positioned himself between the cabin of the truck and the container. As the coworker reversed the truck, the employee was pinned betw een the container and the truck. The employee sustained crushing injuries to his left foot and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 6, 2020, an employee was driving a garbage truck when he wa s involved in a roll over accident. The employee incurred a broken pelvis in the accident and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 18, 2019, an employee working as a roofer on a single st ory house roof. The employee was carrying a roll of roofing material and attempt ed to step on the inside corner of the "L" shaped roof.  He missed the other sid e of the roof corner and fell eleven feet. The employee was killed by unspecifie d injuries received during the fall.
caught_nonfatal	On August 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a bridge and scaffold company, was working at the multiemployer construction project for a 22-story commercial buil ding.  He was adjusting the line switch for the cab on a personnel hoist when th e adjacent cab, as it rose, pushed his foot into the central mast.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was adm itted and treated for the amputation of the front of his foot.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 23, 2018, Employee #1 was checking the temperature and dens ity of a newly paved asphalt roadway. A loaded asphalt dump truck with a functio nal, operational back-up alarm struck the employee with the right side dual stee r tires and caused fatal internal injuries to his chest area.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 25, 2018, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a utili ty services company, were installing underground conduit for a pipeline.  They w ere pulling wires when an arc flash occurred at a switchgear box.  Emergency ser vices were called, and the three employees were transported to the hospital.  Al l were hospitalized and treated for severe burns to the face, head, chest, and a rm.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 7, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a structural concrete company, was engaged in formwork at a multiemployer construction project, a mul tifamily residential structure.  He had just removed crane hooks from concrete p ylon formwork when the formwork began to topple.  Employee #1 ran to escape the falling forms, tripped over an unknown object, and struck his head and face agai nst a concrete slab.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital, admitted, and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a communications con tractor, was working on a fiber optic transmission line.  As he installed an arm or rod to the cable, Employee #1 either made contact or came into close proximit y with an energized 115,000-volt electrical transmission line.  An arc flash occ urred, and Employee #1 was burned.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for elect rical burns.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:45 a.m. on September 4, 2015, an employee was on structural s teel.  He was waiting for a joist to be hoisted and placed so he could connect i t.  The crane operator was moving a bundle of decking.  The bundle of decking wa s inside the building 'footprint'.  The crane operator was going to move the dec king bundle out of the way to facilitate installation of bridging by another con nector in an aerial lift. The crane hit a truss to which the employee was tied o ff.  The truss fell and caused the employee to fall. The employee struck the gro und and may also have struck the girder that fell.  The employee suffered from m assive blunt trauma to the head and other body parts and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 1, 2018, two employees were working on the top of a bu ilding unloading roofing material from a conveyor and stacking them on the ridge of the roof. Two anchors were installed on the roof and both employees were wea ring harnesses with non-retractable five foot lanyards.  The building was built on a slope, so the front of the house had two stories which were approximately 2 0 feet in height at the eave. The rear height was approximately 30 feet at the e aves. One employee had placed their last bundle, untied their harness, and proce eded across the roof to descend from the roof. The employee slipped in route and fell approximately 30 feet to the ground bellow. The fall resulted in a cervica l spine fracture, lacerated spleen, head and, neck, and the employee was admitte d to a hospital for 2 days.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on October 12, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a construction materials and services company, were working at a one-story c onstruction storage building.  They were using an MEC Scissor Lift, Model 2548HT , Serial Number 7103529, to access the roof in order to remove and replace damag ed metal roofing panels.  Employee #1 stepped onto exposed roofing insulation in an area where the roof panel had been removed and not yet replaced.  He fell th rough the roof to the concrete surface below, a fall height of approximately 21 feet.  As he fell, he struck a metal storage rack located inside the building. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures to his pelvis.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on January 16, 2019, an employee was cleaning off excess salt from the salt spreader box on the back of a heavy duty pickup while the auger was run ning.  The employee caught his gloved hand in the auger and his arm pulled into the machine, fracturing it.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 5:38 p.m. on June 6, 2016, an employee was spraying silicone on a steeply pit ched church roof at a height of 40 ft. The employee, who was not wearing any PPE , either tripped or slipped on the silicone covered slate roof. Sliding from the peak of the roof, the employee initially struck a wooden roof over a shrine, th en struck a cement bench with his head, and ultimately hit the ground. The emplo yee was killed as a result from suffering multiple injuries, including broken ri bs, internal injuries, and a fractured skull.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:52 a.m. on May 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a two-story commercial building.  After instructing other employe es in how to perform their task, he attempted to descend from an elevated work p latform by scaling an exterior wall.  The temporary brace he was wearing broke, and the employee fell, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple inj uries, including fractures to his skull, wrists, nose, and eye sockets.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:43 a.m. on May 22, 2003, Employee #1 was the superintendent on a construction project. He noticed that the panel cover was misaligned on a Rhombus Technology electrical water controller, Model Number CP11-230. The equipment was rated at 240 volts and 55 amps. The panel was energized. When Employee #1 realigned the cover, he contacted the energized circuits. He sustained an electrical shock and burns to his right arm. He was hospitalized for treatment of his injuries. Employee #1 was not trained to work on energized electrical equipment and did so without securing the electrical power to this controller.
electrocution_fatal	On December 30, 2004, Employee #1 was dumping rock salt from a semi dump trailer at a municipal water treatment facility. The truck bed was raised and struck a 7,500 volt power line. He stepped out of the truck, making contact with the ground and the truck. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:18 p.m. on January 22, 2015, Employees #1, #2, and #3, plus additional cowo rkers, employed by a construction company, were engaged in the construction of a n elevated bridge bypassing a highway.  Three employees were pouring concrete so ffits, stems, and box girders.  Less than 50 percent of the concrete had been lo aded when supports failed, causing a failure and collapse of the section between two columns designated Bents 3 and 4.  This falsework failure caused approximat ely 190 feet of highway to collapse a height of approximately 25 feet.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was rescued from under the falsework, an d Employees #2 and #3 from on top of it.  These workers were transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple fractures.  Other project workers a lso were injured, but less seriously and not requiring hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:39 p.m. on August 13, 2020, an employee was replacing styrofo am spacers with cardboard ones between product packages on the back of a flatbed trailer.  The material fell over and crushed the employee. The employee was cru shed and killed by two 4,000 lbs. packages of product.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on October 9, 2018, Employee #1, the company owner, and three cowor kers, employed by a construction framing company, were installing roof sheathing to a one-story wood-framed commercial storage building as part of a multi-emplo yer construction project.   They were using an articulated boom and scissor lift s.  About halfway through the sheathing work, the trusses collapsed due to inade quate bracing.  The owner, who was not using fall protection, fell, a fall heigh t of greater than 16 feet.  The coworkers were not injured.  The owner was trans ported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured femur (thighbone).
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on July 31, 2018, an employee and coworker #1 were holding the bum per to a guardrail vertical in preparation for coworker #2, operating a backhoe (Caterpillar 420E) to use the bucket of the backhoe to push the guardrail post i nto the ground. As coworker #2 began to press onto the post with the bucket, cow orker #1 stepped away from the guardrail. The employee then began to step away w hen the post struck a rock in the soil that caused the post and the bucket to sl ip and strike the employee's left hand. The employee received an amputation inju ry to his index finger, crushing injuries to his middle finger and fractures to his ring finger and hand. The employee was admitted and treated at the hospital for his injuries where it was determined that the crushing injuries to his middl e finger were severe enough to require amputation up to his third knuckle.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 19, 2018, an employee was delivering a load of pipes from a tractor trailer.  The employee walked along the side of the trailer and remove d two load chains that was holding the pipes in place.  The employee was struck by a pipe that fell from the second tier and the employee later died from intern al injuries.
struck_nonfatal	On September 22, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction c ompany, were working inside a shaft of a commercial building that was being cons tructed.  Due to an apparent equipment failure, a raised platform that they were keeping level, dropped down the shaft.  This caused walk boards of a catwalk in side the shaft to loosen and fall.  The boards struck Employee #1.  Employee #1 sustained severe bruising to his right arm, shoulder, ribs, and hip.  He was not hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 8:20 a.m. on August 16, 2014, Employee #1, a bulldozer operator, was back dra gging the grounds of the work area adjacent to a 15 foot by 10 foot hole of wate r. The employee reversed the bulldozer and went into the hole of water. The bull dozer became submerged with Employee #1 trapped inside. Water filled the enclose d cabin. A coworker tried, but could not open the door of the cabin to remove th e employee.  The coworker left the scene to go to the company trailer, 3 to 4 mi les away to get help. A foreman used a tool to break the glass and extract the e mployee. The employee was then transported to a local hospital by helicopter. Em ployee #1 was pronounced dead the hospital.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 22, 2019, Employee #1 was operating a Kubota Track Skid Steer SVL75 to grade an area where a residential building was to be constructed .  After finishing the grading, with the equipment bucket slightly elevated abov e the surface, Employee #1 placed his right foot forward and began to exit.  The lifting arm brace which holds the bucket fell/lowered, and the employee's foot was caught between the brace and the equipment frame.  The employee was transpor ted to the hospital for treatment of his foot injury and then released without h ospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 9, 2018, an employee was working from an extension ladder t o clean and prepare building fascia boards for painting. The ladder was set onto soft ground that created unstable conditions and as the employee climbed the la dder, the ladder began to tip to its right side and the employee fell sixteen fe et. The employee was hospitalized for multiple rib fractures.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 25, 2015, an employee was sitting on top of one of the met al trellis joists that he was preparing to clean.  The employee fell from the jo ist, hit the railing or wall at the edge of the deck, and continued to fall appr oximately 14 feet to the concrete pool deck on second floor of the building.  Th e employee was wearing a harness, but was not connected to anything for fall pro tection. The employee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:30 p.m. on March 3, 2016, an employee was working for a firm of painting an d wall covering contractors. He was painting cabinets in a garage and he was fou nd unresponsive on the ground by the homeowner. He was taken to the hospital, wh ere he died. The medical examiner determined that he had been electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on March 9, 2018, an employee was helping set up storm water pipes in a trench. A witness stated that the employee dove under a storm water pipe as it was being lowered into the trench. The employee was crushed and killed.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on November 13, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction and r oofing company, was performing roofing work at a multifamily residential buildin g.  He was climbing a fixed access ladder from the building's third story landin g to a roof hatch when he fell, a fall height of 27 feet.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitte d and treated for a subdural hematoma and fractures to both ankles.  Employee #1 was in a coma for 9 hours.  He then was declared brain dead.  An autopsy was no t performed due to organ retrieval.  According to the subsequent investigation, there were no witnesses to the fall.  A police detective stated that Employee #1 slipped and fell backwards off the ladder and over the 34-inch high landing rai ling.  He then hit the second to third story stair railing, which sheared at the securing bolts, and continued to plummet, finally hitting the roof of a Ford F- 150 pickup truck parked below.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 15, 2021, an employee was assisting coworkers moving an 18,000 pound MRI magnet on a suspended platform. The platform shifted, the ma gnet began to slide, and the employee was pushed through the guardrail and off t he platform by the magnet. The employee was killed when he fell to the roof belo w the platform.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on November 6, 2020, an employee worked to install blankets for ele ctrical wires. At some point, the employee made contact with an overhead transmi ssion line and was killed by electrocution.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1, a journeyman worker employed by a construction company, was working in an energized zone.  He was using an 8-foot shotgun stick to test an electric meter.  Employee #1, who was authorized to be in the energized zone, was wearing flame retardant clothing, a hard hat, safety glasses, and a high visibility vest.  An arc flash occurred, and Employee #1 su stained an electric shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for second and third d egree burns.
electrocution_fatal	On June 23, 2003, Employee #1 was engaged in construction work in the security area of a building undergoing renovation when he was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on March 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a steel construction co mpany, was working at a multiemployer heavy construction building project.  He w as preparing to climb up a reinforcing steel wall that was being hoisted by a no n-rated spreader bar.  The rigging failed, and the steel wall fell onto Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hos pital.  He was admitted and treated for serious back and leg injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:00 a.m. on May 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services co mpany, was engaged in electrical work at an airport.  She was retrieving five pi eces of number two gauge electrical wire (cable) from a tugger machine when a wa ll-mounted pulley came free and struck her legs.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  She was admitted and treated for a fractured left leg.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:05 p.m. on August 21, 2007, Employee #1 was an apprentice lineman. He was working from a pole approximately 16 ft above the ground. He was positioned on the pole wearing metal gaffs on his feet. His feet were positioned directly above the communication lines that were also on the pole. He was moving the secondary lines from an old pole to a new one which was installed approximately 2-ft away from the old pole. The lines were a triplex cable with two 120 volt lines and a neutral in the bundle. Employee #1's left forearm contacted the 120/240 volt line above his insulated glove. The electrical current exited through his right calf. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 18, 2019, an employee worked from a steel beam conducting measurements with a tape measure. The employee fell and received fractures to th e vertebrae and sternum, and a head laceration and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On March 17, 2004, Employee #1 was pulling underground electric cable from transformers to pad mounts and pedestals in the backyard of a single-family home when he was electrocuted. The electrical cables are pushed and pulled into the pedestals, but the actual connection was made by another company. At the time of the accident, the 120/240-volt pedestal was energized. Employee #1 had been provided with insulated gloves, but he was not wearing them.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on March 31, 2017, an employee was unloading drill r ods from the Ditch Witch drilling machine. The employee tried to unload the dril l rod with the wrong hand and in the wrong direction. The employee's right hand got caught between the metal rod and a metal side of the machine and was smashed . The employee was taken to the hospital where he was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 2:49 p.m. on December 16, 2015, an employee was told to "roll-up" for the day . The employee fell off the roof and struck the concrete surface below and was k illed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:40 a.m. on April 26, 2017, Employee #1 was cutting out a fan housing and s haft. As the employee cut the housing, the shaft came loose, striking Employee # 1 and causing him to fall to the floor. The employee sustained a concussion, two broken wrists, and a fractured tail bone. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:45 a.m. on June 30, 2017, Employee #1 was removing the locking pins that ho ld the tailgate shut on the dump truck. The employee then turned to get out of t he dump truck, and tripped on debris that was in the truck bed. He tried to grab the tail gate to stop his fall, but the tailgate opened and the employee fell f our feet 10 inches to the ground. Employee #1 sustained a compound fracture to h is left arm as a result of the fall and was hospitalized for his injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on September 11, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construct ion company, were on the roof of a one-story commercial building.  They were ins talling roof sheathing when the panels spread apart and both employees fell to t he concrete ground, a fall height of approximately 22 feet 6 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital a nd admitted.  Employee #1 was treated for a fractured skull, fractured right leg , fractures to both feet, bruised lung, and fractured left eye socket.  Employee #2 was treated for a fractured left arm, fractured pelvis, fractured ribs, and a laceration to the forehead.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 2, 2006, Employee #1, who worked for a high-voltage repair and installation contractor, was installing a meter on an electrical panel at a farm field water pump station near Hanford, CA. He was tightening a plastic "pie" plate next to an energized bus when the panel parts contacted the bus and it arced, resulting in an electric flash. Employee #1 sustained serious burns on his face, neck, chest and legs. He was transported to UMC Hospital in Fresno, CA, for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	On July 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged i n reroofing activity at a two-story residence.  He and coworkers were stripping shingles when he fell from the roof, a fall height of 17 feet, and landed on the concrete surface.  The employee was hospitalized with a serious head injury.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at the site of a two-story commercial building.  He was working fro m the basket of an aerial lift and installing exterior siding.  As Employee #1 a ttempted to move the lift toward the building, his neck was pinned between an ea ve and the lift's top guardrail.  Employee #1 lost consciousness.  Emergency ser vices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admi tted, observed, and released two days later with no significant injuries.
fall_fatal	At 5:32 p.m. on January 31, 2019, an employee was climbing a ladder and fell, fr acturing her arm when she landed on the floor.
caught_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 19, 2020, an employee was working as a construction labor er for a landscaping service. He and some coworkers were working in an excavatio n. They were installing 150-millimeter (6-inch) drain line for an underground ut ilities project. The excavation had been dug by their foreman, who operated the equipment. The excavation was approximately 8.2 meters (27 feet) in length by 3. 7 meters (12 feet) in depth. The angle of repose was approximately 88 to 90 degr ees on the north, south, and east sides. Soil conditions consisted of sand mixed with clay and some gravel, with previously excavated material, consisting of va rying levels of sand and clay, mixed in at different depths. Fissures developed in the excavation walls as the depth of the excavation increased. The workers di d not immediately report the hazardous condition of the excavation walls, as non e of them recognized the hazard associated with changing soil conditions. No acc ident prevention program had been developed or coordinated with the workers. The foreman and equipment operator was working at the jobsite and was in direct and plain view of the workers exposed to the excavation collapse hazard. The near-v ertical walls collapsed onto the employee. He suffered multiple severe injuries, and he was asphyxiated by being buried under excavated materials. He was killed . At one place, the account says that he was hospitalized, so he might have died after being removed from the collapse.
caught_fatal	At approximately 7:53 a.m. on January 17, 2011, Employee #1 was operating a JLG 800A Articulating Boom Lift in a congested and oddly configured area. The boom and bucket needed to be positioned between two concrete beams, located approximately 8-9 feet apart; meanwhile, the main boom had to be kept off of another concrete beam that was running horizontally. Employee #1 and another employee, a laborer performing the cutting, were tasked to cut rebar from the concrete beams that were going to be demolished as part of a construction site. Employee #1 and the other employee had cut the outside rebar on the top column and were repositioning to cut the inside rebar of the top column. Both employees were wearing hard hats, safety glasses, and their personal fall protection. There were no eyewitnesses to the accident. At the time of the event, the other employee was in the basket but was crouched down due to the tight fit between the two beams, and he was wearing welding glasses. Consequently, he did not see the accident, but he heard the lift motor rev up. When he looked up, Employee #1 was pinned between the safety railing of the lift and a concrete beam. The space was tight and awkward, which may have contributed to the accident. The inspection of the aerial lift showed that it was in proper working order. Employee #1 and the other employee were working outside in the early daylight hours, and the temperature was approximately 12 degrees Fahrenheit. Employee #1 died from blunt impact to the head.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on January 23, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in the construction of a one-story residential structure.  He was on the roof and inspecting the decking nail patterns.  He had not tied-off with his rope.  The employee slipped off the structure, falling 13 feet 2 inches to the surface.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment of a fractured right h eel.
electrocution_fatal	On February 22, 2008, Employee #1 was working for the electric utility Northern Indiana Public Service as an electrical power equipment installer and maintenance technician, when he was electrocuted. The narrative provides no further details.
electrocution_nonfatal	A carpenter was working on the outside base wall of a new high-rise condominium. He was drilling holes in the ground to install reinforcement stakes for a wall form. His auger bit struck a buried 480-volt electrical conduit and penetrated the enclosed cable, creating an electrical fault. The ensuing electric arc burned the employee's right arm. He was hospitalized with second- and third-degree burns from the elbow to the fingertips of his right arm.
electrocution_fatal	On October 12, 2016, an employee was preparing to rig a truss to be lifted. The crane and boom cable came in contact with the over-head power line and the emplo yee was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:10 p.m. on October 8, 2018, an employee was helping a coworker clean the gu tters around the perimeter of a metal roof that had ten corrugated fiberglass sk ylight panels flush against the roof surface.  The employee was walking across t he roof and stepped onto one of the skylights.  The employee fell through it and struck a rolling material cart below.  The employee dislocated his right hand, fractured his right arm's radial bone, fractured his left elbow, lacerated his f ace above his left eye, and sustained a contusion to his right leg.  The employe e was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on April 11, 2021, an employee attempted to clear a blockage in a c oncrete pump truck, pump pipe. As the employee crossed in front of the pipe, whi ch contained concrete and compressed air, released the concrete, struck the empl oyee, and caused the employee to fall from the truck. The employee was taken to the hospital for treatment and died twenty days later from the head and spinal i njuries received.
caught_fatal	On June 7, 2012, an employee of Jns Management, Phoenix, AZ, a highway construction company, was working at a job site. He was caught between the excavator arm and the excavator. He was killed. The employer was cited for lockout/tagout violations (control of electrical energy).
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 10, 2017, an employee was balancing a granite counter top, so a base board could be placed behind it. The employee loss his balance an d breaks his left ankle, when struck by the granite counter top.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 20, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a const ruction company, were working at a four-story multifamily residential constructi on project.  They was dismantling framing around a bathroom floor opening as a r esult of design plan changes.  Employee #1, who was wearing a hardhat but no fal l protection, fell through the unsecured 3-foot by 3-foot floor opening, a fall height of 10 feet, and struck his head on the stairs below the opening.  He sust ained blunt force traumatic head injuries.  Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital, where he was pronounced dead.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 31, 2018, an employee was installing a drip edge along the edge of a roof. While working, the employee slipped and fell off of the roof and struck an air conditioning unit before hitting the ground. The employee receive d fractures to his back and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on July 15, 2002, Employee #1 was trying to fit a coiled cable with an exposed ground wire into the bottom of a Cutler-Hammer Freedom Series 2100 Motor Control Center cabinet. The exposed copper ground wire accidentally contacted the 480-volt bus through a small opening under the cabinet, resulting in a flash fire. Employee #1 sustained burns on both of his hands, and was hospitalized for treatment. The accident occurred at Substation #9 at the Valero Refinery in Benicia, CA.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 11, 2018, Employee #1 was driving a tugboat. He lost conscio usness and struck a bollard. The employee sustained a head injury, resulting in a concussion and was hospitalized for two or more days.
electrocution_fatal	Three employees were replacing a broken utility pole located in the backyard of a residence. The existing pole had been damaged in a thunderstorm the previous night. The workers dug a new hole by hand next to the broken pole and set a new pole using a Pitman Panther digger-derrick (Model No. D722E, Serial No. YKBXL719KCB). Once they set the new pole, they backfilled around the pole and tamped down the earth. One of the employees went to the digger-derrick controls to retract the boom. The top of the boom contacted a 7,600-volt overhead power line. The digger-derrick operator, who was straddling the left front outrigger with the inside of his left leg touching it, was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on October 3, 2019, Employee #1 was rolling up strap on a flatbed trailer, standing on the ground on the driver's side of the flatbed trailer. The forklift operator was removing bundles of laminated veneer lumber (LVL) from th e passenger side of the flatbed trailer. There was a spacer that was under a bun dle of LVL on the driver's side of the trailer that extended across and was also resting on a bundle on the passenger side.  As the forklift driver attempted to lift the bundles off of the passenger side of the trailer, the spacer also rais ed, causing the bundle on the driver's side of the trailer to slide off, strikin g and killing the employee.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on September 4, 2013, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were in a manlift basket 47 feet above the ground.  The manlift basket became caught on two protr uding bolts at the end of a concrete cap and ejected the employee and the cowork er.  Employee #1 was killed from the fall and Employee #2 received several fract ured bones, contussions and possibly internal injuries.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 8, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construc tion company, were removing steel roof panels from the flat roof of a three-stor y manufacturing building in preparation for installing a new roof.  The roof pan els measured approximately 1.5 feet wide by 25 feet long.  The removal process e ntailed walking on an aluminum scaffold pick rather than the unsuitable work sur face of the roof panels.  The two employees were required to use a fall protecti on system of self-retracting lifelines attached to metal roof swivel anchors, Pa rt Number 390RSA-01, with shock-absorbing lanyards and harnesses, which were pro vided by the employer.  However, when the employees returned to the roof after a lunch break, they did not attach their harnesses to the lifelines.  As they lif ted a roof panel, one employee at each end of the panel, a gust of wind blew the steel panel onto the employees' legs.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell fr om the scaffold pick, a total fall height of 35 feet.  Employee #1 sustained mul tiple fractures and blunt force trauma and was killed by the fall.
caught_fatal	At 11:35 a.m. on June 12, 2021, an employee operated a tractor-trailer with a fl atbed trailer that was in the process of being loaded with jersey barriers. An e xcavator (Gradall Model XL3100 Hydraulic Excavator) was used to load the barrier s onto the flatbed. Once all of the barriers were loaded, the employee exited th e tractor-trailer and walked between the trailer and the excavator, which were a pproximately three feet, eight inches apart, when the excavator operator began t o rotate the excavator, which pinned the employee between the excavator and the trailer. The employee was killed by crushing injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on May 15, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as decking the third level of a new three-story commercial building.  As he inst alled a spreader sheet that measured approximately 18 feet long by 3 feet wide, he fell to the next level, a fall height of approximately 12 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of leg and hip fractures.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:10 p.m. on June 27, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete company, was cleaning out a concrete mixer at an industrial construction site.  His hand beca me caught in the action of the concrete mixer's hopper.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and t reated for the amputation of his hand.
struck_fatal	At 9:38 a.m. on October 26, 2016, a truck driver was delivering a tank of soy be an oil to an industrial facility. After parking at the facilities receiving dock , the truck driver was met by a facility worker who took samples of the tanker t ruck's contents and prepared for offloading. The truck driver then climbed a lad der that was affixed to the tanker to open its vents and successfully descended the ladder. However, for an unknown reason, he climbed the ladder once more. Onc e at the top, the driver stood up and lost his balance, falling approximately el even feet to the concrete surface below. He was found unresponsive and emergency services were unable to resuscitate him. The driver was pronounced dead at the scene. It was determined that his death resulted from skull fractures and brain contusions.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on April 5, 2003, Employee #1 was removing and replacing a broken light fixture on the exterior of a building in Sacramento, CA. He placed his ladder under the fixture and climbed up approximately 9 ft to remove the light. The fixture was a two-piece device, with a 175-watt bulb and a lens. Employee #1 was attempting to secure the fixture back to the wall so he could take out the lens and bulb to prevent it from breaking when he received a shock upon touching the fixture. He was unable to let go and, after about 30 seconds, he fell off of the ladder to the ground. A coworker found him several minutes later and contacted 911. Employee #1 suffered a fractured ankle, as well as neck and shoulder injuries. He was transported to UC-Davis Medical Center for treatment.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on October 17, 2015, an employee fell through an opening in a floor , located inside a barricaded area, onto a concrete floor. The employee sustaine d head and other trauma and died.
fall_fatal	At 2:21 p.m. on July 20, 2022, an employee was conducting framing activities on the 4th floor, when the employee fell through an elevator shaft to the concrete floor below.  The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 15, 2019, Employee #1 and three coworkers, employed by a framing contractor, were engaged in framing activities for a new residence.  Th ey were attempting to set a ridge beam in place.  Employee #1 and coworkers were on the third floor and working from a temporary walking/working surface while m anually setting the beam, which was approximately 25 feet long.  The employees s et one end of the beam in place, but did not brace or otherwise secure it.  When they went to set the other end in place, the first end slipped out and swung ar ound, striking Employee #1 in the side of his face and knocking him off the work ing surface.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet, and land ed on an angled 2 by 4 piece of lumber.  Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, where he was admitted for treatment of multiple fractured ribs and fractur ed lumbar vertebrae.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 5, 2022, Employee #1 and a coworker were working at the Transfer Station. The overhead conveyor belt was getting stuck. Employee #1 was standing on a pallet, while being raised by a forklift to inspect and see what t he problem was. Employee #1 braced himself and his glove was caught in the sproc ket chain drive. Employee #1 was hospitalized to treat a right hand middle and r ing finger amputation.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 p.m. on August 13, 2020, an employee was removing a filter screen from a washer machine when he caught his right hand ring finger between the screen and the filter housing in the line of fire. The employee's finger was struck by the edge of the filter screen causing an amputation of his fingertip and requiring medical treatment.  The employee was not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 p.m. on August 1, 2017, Employee #1 was assigned to work on a drilling r ig that was drilling for natural gas. The crews were engaged in tripping pipe in to the hole, which is the physical act of pulling the drill string out of the we llbore and then running it back in. The previous Driller mentioned that the clut ch on the drilling rig was not working properly. Employee #1, the Driller, and t he Tool Pusher worked on greasing and repairing the clutch. The Driller fully op ened the discharge valve for the V-80 Parmac Hydromatic Brake, preventing water from flowing through the brake system causing it to fail. The Driller left the s ite without closing the discharge valve, and Employee #1 did not check to ensure the discharge valve was properly set. The hydromatic brake was not exerting eno ugh braking force causing the blocks to continue to lower rapidly. Employee #1 r emained at his station while still trying to stop the blocks with the brake. The employee yelled at the crew to get off the rig floor, but he remained on the fl oor trying to stop the blocks. He was still at the brake handle when the blocks stacked on the rig floor folded over towards him. The blocks fell and pushed the weight indicator housing towards the brake handle. The weight indicator housing caught Employee #1s right pinky finger between the housing and the brake handl e, severing the finger just past the second knuckle.
electrocution_fatal	On November 19, 2009, Employee #1 was relocating an aluminum ladder from one apartment building to another to perform gutter and roof maintenance. He was electrocuted when the ladder contacted a live power line that was approximately 16 ft above ground.
electrocution_nonfatal	A power line worker in an insulated aerial lift was working on an overhead air switch on a 21-kilovolt overhead power line. As he was using a metal crescent wrench on the energized switch, it came too close to a grounded object on the utility pole and caused an electric fault, which spread to all three phases on the pole. The ensuing electric arc burned the employee on his face and collarbone area. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 7:10 a.m. on September 22, 2021, an employee held the end hose of a SANY conc rete pump truck during the pouring process at a construction site. The pump truc k had all outriggers in place and set on cribbing while the fully extended boom was used. At some point, the left front outrigger penetrated the cribbing and th e truck tilted as the outrigger sank in the soil. When the truck tilted, the boo m struck the employee on the head, caused severe blunt force trauma, and killed the employee.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 7:30 a.m. on June 10, 2019, an employee was welding a piece of metal when a coworker was trying to move a tool cabinet from the welding area us ing a forklift. As the coworker was trying to lift it up, the cabinet tipped ove r and pushed another cabinet that was next to it and fell on the employee's back .  The employee was pinned between the cabinet and the metal table. The employee sustained a crushing injury to the upper body, facial abrasion, abdominal injur y, abrasion on the left hip, and colon injury. The employee was hospitalized for these injuries.
caught_fatal	At 4:00 a.m. on August 18, 2021, an employee was replacing piping for the fire e xtinguishing system of a home and garden center. The employee was elevating an a erial lift when his neck was caught between the lift rail and a ceiling joist. T he employee died of blunt force trauma to the neck combined with acute drug toxi city - fentanyl, acetyl fentanyl, and flubromazolam as determined by the medical examiner report.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 5:40 p.m. on August 13, 2009, Employee #1, a regular, fulltime service advisor, was closing the west-side chain link metal sliding gate, at the end of the day. The gate, which was 7 feet high by 25 feet long, had rubber wheels on the bottom and metal, pulley-like wheels on the top. It was guided by 2-inch-diameter galvanized pipe and weighed approximately 300 pounds. The gate was hard to pull with normal force. Hence, Employee #1 pulled it hard, making a jerky motion using his right hand, while his left hand was on the wheel guide rail (pipe). The gate assembly came suddenly and unexpectedly fast on its guide track and ran over Employee #1's left little finger. His finger was crushed by the metal, pulley-like wheel. Someone immediately took Employee #1 to Sharp Memorial Hospital for treatment. His left little finger was amputated up to the distal phalanx. The Employer did not report the injury to the Division.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on August 15, 2016, an employee was guiding a dump tr uck that was backing up into a barricaded construction zone.  The employee tripp ed, fell into the path of the dump truck, and was crushed and killed on-site.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 12, 2014, Employee #1, employed by a structural engineering construction company herein designated Employer #1, was working as a lead laborer at a project where the employer had been subcontracted for construction of a swimming pool. Coworker #1, employed by Employer #2, another construction subcontractor at the site, was operating a Caterpillar Model 330DL with a 4-cubic yard bucket capacity excavator. This excavator was being used to dig the swimming pool. The site foreman was elsewhere on the site. As part of the excavation process, on the previous day, March 11, 2014, a 4,850-pound, 48-foot long waler (horizontal steel shoring member) had been placed in position and rested onto "chairs" (supporting brackets on a column for the waler) approximately 7 feet high. Two clamps were installed onto each of the "chairs" of the two columns to prevent the waler from moving/sliding. The waler was later determined to be on the wrong side of the excavation. The waler had to be removed from the west side of the excavation and placed onto the east side. Before this action could occur, the four clamps had to be taken off of the "chairs." On March 12, 2014, Employee #1 was on the bottom of the excavation making preparations to remove the clamps. Coworker #1, operating the excavator, pulled the waler off of the "chairs." The waler landed on Employee #1. Emergency services were called, and the San Francisco Fire Department responded. Employee #1 was transported to San Francisco General Hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractures of both femurs. At the time of this report, Employee #1 had undergone five surgeries. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by the San Francisco Fire Department on March 12, 2014. Cal/OSHA sent two engineers, who began their investigation on March 12, 2014. During the course of the investigation, interviews were conducted with the project superintendent, the safety director, Employee #1, and Coworker #1. No citation for a serious accident-related violation was issued to Employee #1's employer, because Employee #1 had not known that the excavator was to be operated and moved. However, Employer #2, the subcontractor whose employee was operating the excavator, was cited a serious accident-related violation as the creating employer. T8 CCR '1616.1 (o) requires that during lifting, there shall not be contact with obstructions. The operator swung (lifted) his boom to get another load of dirt. He did not realize that the slings were still attached to the waler. When he swung the boom, it pulled the waler off of the "chairs," and the waler landed on Employee #1. No other violations were cited.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 5, 2018, Employee #1, a framer, and Coworker #1, a labo rer, employed by a construction framing company, were working at a two-story res idential construction project.  They were stacking 4-foot by 8-foot wood boards onto two A-shaped wood brackets nailed onto the building's lower roof, in prepar ation for the boards being accessed by roofers.  Coworker #1 stood inside a wind ow opening and handed the boards to Employee #1 on the roof's overhang.  As Empl oyee #1 stacked 15 to 20 boards onto the support brackets, the stack tipped over , and the right support bracket collapsed onto Employee #1's left leg.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to his left lower leg bones.  Employee #1 re quired surgery and four days of hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 7, 2015, an employee was shoveling dirt away from the base of a bridge abutment.  The adjacent trench wall collapsed on top of the employee , covering him with soil and rock.  The employee was killed from blunt force tra uma to their torso.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 24, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing and constru ction company, was working as a subcontractor at a multiemployer construction pr oject.  He was engaged in installing roofing to a commercial building.  As Emplo yee #1 climbed a ladder, he fell, a fall height of 4 feet.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for a fractured ankle.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on April 21, 2016, Employee #1, a truck driver, was standing outside the cab of a tractor and chassis and talking with Employee #2, also a truck driver, who was also on the ground and another coworker, who was si tting up in the tractor's cab. As the workers were talking, there was a truck tr aveling eastbound in Lane Number 8. Both employees were in Lane Number 9. The un loaded chassis of this trucks tractor struck both employees with one of its whe els running them over. Employee #1 died from multiple traumatic injuries sustain ed in the collision. Employee #2 was transported to a medical center, where he w as hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 14, 2016, an employee had released a ratchet strap that secured a substructure component of a conveyor system of a mobile concrete batch plant onto a flatbed trailer.The employee was standing on the ground in between two flatbed trailers when the substructure fell over, striking him and subseque ntly crushing him. The employee was killed from blunt force trauma to the head. The employee was wearing a hard hat. However, the substructure weighed between 6 40 lbs to 780 lbs.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:00 noon on February 19, 2004, Employee #1 was on a utility pole servicing a 7,200-volt, single-phase, primary overhead power line that was down and damaged due to weather-related conditions. He was preparing to repair the line with sleeve tension when he accidentially contacted the energized line. Employee #1 was rescued from the pole by a coworker, but he died as a result of his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on September 9, 2013, an employee was walking across a concrete for ming style scaffold.  The scaffold collapsed and the employee landed on a concre te surface.  The employee died from the injuries received.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 20, 2019, an employee was cutting a piece of wood on a table saw and caught his left hand's fingers, cutting three of them.  The employee wa s hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 21, 2003, an employee was trimming copper cable with a saw on the "A" side of the Oak Ridge Mall on the second floor mezzanine in the electrical room. The employee indicated that he had looked for cable cutters, but was told they were being used by another crew. He then located a portable band saw and began to use that. The employee stated that he asked his foreman for the portable band saw. He was kneeling/squatting on the ground wit his right knee up and his left knee on the ground. He stated that he would jam the cable against the panel frame. The portable band saw repeatedly jammed and the employee indicated the reason for this was because the blade was thin and would bind against the multiple strands in the cable. At one point, while freeing a cable, the saw began to fall to the ground and landed on his finger. Since his other hand was still on the band saw with his finger on the trigger, the blade was activated and amputated part of his index finger. He was hospitalized and had surgery the following day to amputate most of his index finger at Kaiser Hospital. The foreman stated that he didn't remember seeing wire cutters or pliers when cleaning up after the employee's accident. He also stated that he didn't remember discussing the lack of wire cutters with the employee. The employee's apprentice stated that he helped cut the cables the day prior to the accident and on the day of the accident. He also stated that the cables were secured prior to cutting them. In the first interview, the employee stated that this piece of equipment was suitable for this task. In a later interview, he recanted this statement and said that it was not the right piece of equipment to use. It was determined that the portable band saw was being used in a manner that was unsafe. In addition, the wires that were being cut were not secured or supported to minimize blade binding, kick-back or jamming. Pliers are able to cut the same size cables safely when cable cutters are not available.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on November 7, 2018, an employee was working on a roof. At some po int, the employee had a nine foot fall and received a head injury (bleeding on t he brain). The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on August 26, 2004, Employee #1 and several coworkers were installing insulation on 20- to 22-gauge, galvanized sheet metal HVAC ducts on the fifth floor of a building. Each worker was using a ProWeld International CD- 212P capacitor discharge stud welding machine with a magnetic chuck to weld 2 in. long AGM #4 12-gauge cup head pins to the insulation and ducts, which had an aluminum skin. Employee #1 had been working near two ducts when a coworker spotted him lying on a pile of metal conduit in front of the ducts. Several other coworkers approached when they realized that he was unconscious and did not have a pulse. Two coworkers attempted CPR until paramedics arrived, but attempts to revive him were unsuccessful; Employee #1 was declared dead at 3:03 p.m. The 4 ft wide ducts Employee #1 was working near were a foot apart and on top of a concrete pad that extended through the roof of the building. The installation work appeared to be finished on the front, back, and outside of the ducts. The installation inside, between the ducts, was not yet done. Two pieces of insulation were partially attached to the rear corners. The area in front of the duct was 6 ft 5 in. wide and had piles of metal conduit. The welding machine's ground cable, a "C" clamp, was attached to the duct access panel lock. The machine was set for straight polarity and 80 volts. Evidence found during the investigation suggested that the machine arced near the magnetic chuck, shaft, and nut on the "C" clamp, and that Employee #1 was electrocuted. It was also noted that he was not wearing gloves or similar protective equipment.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as walking across the metal roof of an auto dealership.  The employee stepped th rough a skylight and fell to the concrete floor.  He was transported to the hosp ital, where he was admitted for treatment of fractures to both arms.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on March 17, 2017, an employee was climbing a ladder to reach a wor k platform that was approximately 10 feet from the ground.  The employee reached up to push the gate open at the top of the platform. He slipped and fell to the ground.  The employee suffered a contusion on his back and left shoulder.
struck_fatal	At 6:50 a.m. on March 10, 2022, an employee was raking concrete. The pump truck tipped-over, and the employee was struck by the boom pipe of the concrete pump. The employee was pronounced dead at the scene.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 15, 2011, Employee #1, carpenter with Now Inc., was cutting plywood for blocks using a guarded skill saw. He reportedly reached under the running saw, cutting his palm and three fingers of his left hand. He went to the hospital, received stitches and was released. He returned next day for surgery. Apparently, he only later learned that the middle finger tip was amputated during surgery.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:38 p.m. on December 8, 2021, an employee worked to remove and replace corru gated roof sections. As the employee stood to carry a section of roofing away, t he employee stepped onto a roof insulation board that could not support the weig ht. The employee fell approximately thirty-two feet through the roof, struck a p ile of lumber on the way to the concrete floor. The employee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the neck (cervical vertebrae) and head trauma.
caught_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on April 17, 2022, an employee and two coworkers were supporting th e installation of a blowout preventer (BOP) on top of the oil and gas well.  The BOP was being elevated via the rig hoisting system and a tagline attached to an all-terrain forklift.  The tagline became unattached, struck the employee and h e became caught between the BOP and the drilling rig cellar structure.  The empl oyee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 1:11 p.m. on December 4, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an excavation company , was working at the construction site for a single family residence when he was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:41 a.m. on June 9, 2020, an employee was performing flagging duties during road construction. At some point, a passenger vehicle struck the employee at a h igh rate of speed. The employee received brain injuries, fractures to the skull, spine, clavicle, right forearm, and both lower legs. The employee was transport ed to a local hospital, where the employee later died.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 29, 2018, Employee #1 was removing concrete formwork whe n his finger was caught between the form lumber and the concrete ceiling, result ing in a finger amputation.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_fatal	At 4:30 a.m. on September 12, 2016, an employee, a truck driver was attempting t o manually raise and retract the landing gear on a flatbed trailer. He had just completed connecting the electrical and air lines from the tractor to a flatbed trailer. The trailer was parked next to another flat bed trailer with approximat ely 7-in. between. The tractor was angled approximately 45 degrees from the trai ler. As the employee began to pull away with the trailer attached, he looked in the passenger side mirror and noticed that the trailer landing gear was still in the down position. The employee exited the tractor without setting the parking brake and walked between the two flat bed trailers to access the manual crank lo cated under the trailer that retracts the landing gear. The employee began to tu rn the crank which placed his head at the same level as the bed of the trailer. The tractor and trailer rolled backwards as the landing gear lost contact with t he ground. The employee's head was caught in and crushed between the two flat be d trailers. He was killed from severe head trauma.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on May 11, 2017, three employees were mounting a new grader tire o n a multi-piece rim wheel. The tire was laying flat on the shop floor. Employee #1 was putting air in the tire while employees #2 and #3 placed sealing compound on the tire bead. The tire had just been seated on the multi-piece wheel rim. T he wheel was lying horizontally on a wood block on the shop floor outside of a r estraining device. The lock ring piece of the rim wheel assembly came apart and struck the faces of Employees #1, #2, and #3.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on June 9, 2015, Employee #1 began removing shingles around the ridge portion of a roof so that his personal fall arrest systems coul d be anchored to the roof.  While shingles were being removed from the upper por tions of the roof, Employee #1 and two coworkers were carrying the shingles that had been removed from the ridge area and throwing them off the roof into a trai ler parked below. Employee #1 was carrying a large amount of shingles and when h e threw the shingles from the roof, he fell approximately 11 feet, onto an unfin ished concrete slab, striking his head and back. Employee #1 was hospitalized an d died later of subdural hematoma.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on October 18, 2014, a plumber employee was working on a pipe tripod while an electrician was pushing the mobile scaffold. The mobil e scaffold got hung up on a power cord and became unbalanced and toppled. The em ployee was struck on the head by a toppling mobile scaffold with maximum force, pushing his head into pipe tripod. The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 5, 2002, Employee #1 was standing on a metal extension ladder that was leaning against an aluminum gutter, applying an 8 in. by 10 ft long aluminum roof drip edge. The metal strip contacted an energized and unprotected 13,800-volt power line that was 66 in. from where he was working. Employee #1 received an electric shock and severe electrical burns on both hands and his legs where his thighs were resting against the ladder rungs. After being shocked, Employee #1 fell approximately 18 ft to the ground. He sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 18, 2019, an employee and coworker were on the roof of a c ommercial building to frame out an HVAC box. At some point, the employee slipped on an unsecured board and fell approximately twelve feet through a roof opening , The employee was hospitalized to treat a left hip fracture and left rib injury .
electrocution_fatal	On August 25, 2006, Employee #1, a roofer, was repositioning an aluminum portable extension ladder when he contacted a high-voltage overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on March 25, 2022, an employee was replacing and installing roof pa nels. The employee fell through the roof insulation.  The employee was killed du e to blunt force trauma from the fall of approximately 30 feet to the concrete g round.
struck_fatal	At about 12:15 p.m. on January 18, 2017, an employee was standing next to a tree that was 75 feet from the base of the tree being felled. An excavator operator was digging a hole around the base of a tree with the intention of using the exc avator to push the tree over in the direction of the intended fall.   When the e xcavator operator dug the last part of the hole, severing the last of the feeder roots holding the tree up, the tree unexpectedly fell in the direction of the e mployee, same basic direction where it was intended to fall.  The employee was s truck in the neck, shoulder, arm and leg of his left side. The employee was kill ed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on September 2, 2015, an employee and a coworker, bo th Spanish speaking, were engaged in interior renovation work of an existing two story residential building.  During the renovation process the employee and the coworker were insulating the attic and walls and installing and taping drywall. It is unknown why the employee accessed the attic and was attempting to turn t he HVAC unit on.  The installation of the HVAC unit was not yet completed.  The investigation determined that the employee, while trying to energize the HVAC un it with the use of extension cord, was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 1:37 p.m., on June 15, 2016, three employees were installing a 4 inch sewer l ine in a 12 ft. trench. The employee a 33 year old male, was inside the trench l eveling out the bottom when the walls of the trench collapsed, trapping and kill ing the employee underneath.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 p.m. on September 5, 2017, Employee #1 was attempting to cut rabbet joi nts off the end of a piece of drawer plywood with a portable circular saw, while supporting the work on the floor with his foot. The saw slipped and the employe e amputated his left thumb. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injury.
electrocution_fatal	On September 25, 2009, an employee was repairing a pump when he came into contact with an energized wire and received an electrical shock. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 28, 2020, an employee accessed a roof by a straight lad der to begin removing old wood near the roof edge. At some point, the employee f ell approximately nine feet and found by a coworker, who called for emergency re sponse. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat a skull fra cture and back injuries.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:15 a.m. on October 27, 2014, an employee was evaluating how t o paint a hard to reach third floor window. The roof was over a bay window. The roof dimension was approximately 5 ft by 2.5 ft and the pitch was approximately 1 to 1.  The employee stepped from ladder onto a steep pitched roof. He immediat ely slipped and fell to the ground. The employee struck his head on the railing post on the outside steps from a second floor to ground level and suffered head trauma. The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:05 a.m. on or about June 24, 2013, Employee #1, an electrician employed by a plumbing, heating, and air conditioning contractor, was working at a residential property. He was in the process of locating an electrical fault impacting a water pump on the property. The pump was connected to a transformer on the property. Employee #1 sustained an electric shock. He was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for an electric shock injury, including an entry wound to the fingers and an exit wound on his forearm. During the subsequent investigation it was learned that, on the day before Employee #1 sustained his injury, the electric utility company for the area had determined that there was live power to their pole off the property. On the day of the event, Employee #1 called his supervisor to the work site. Employee #1 and the supervisor met at the transformer. Employee #1 removed the dead front to assess the power situation at the transformer. Employee #1 pointed to the bus bar. Either electricity arced from the bus bar to his fingers, or he touched the bus bar and was shocked.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on February 8, 2021, an employee was working as a truck driver for a local general freight trucking company. He drove heavy trucks. He exited the c ab of his dump truck and proceeded between his truck and an adjacent dump truck to relieve himself. He and two coworkers were parked perpendicular to a salt pil e, waiting for the salt to be loaded onto their trucks. A portion of the salt pi le collapsed. The collapsing salt pushed the first dump truck into the second (m iddle) dump truck, which in turn was pushed into the third dump truck. The emplo yee, who was the driver of the third dump truck and was between the second and t hird trucks, was crushed between the two dump trucks. He suffered multiple traum atic injuries. He was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On November 4, 2012, Employee #1 was working from a bucket truck stringing cable on an electric transmission line. One side of the line was live, 14,400 volts, and he was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as grinding and buffing a metal slab.  A metal fragment was projected into his r ight eye.  The employee received medical treatment but was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on April 28, 2014, Employee #1 was in a scissor lift installing insulation panels. He fell out of the lift and died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on March 11, 2019, an employee worked to install exterior metal cl adding on a three-story multi-family dwelling using a JLG aerial lift. While ins talling the metal siding, the basket of the aerial lift made contact with live o verhead power lines next to the building. The employee received electrical shock s to the left arm and leg and, for an unspecified reason, fell approximately fif ty-three feet from the basket. The employee was hospitalized for electrical burn s to the left arm and leg, and partial brain damage.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a drywall constructi on company, was engaged in drywall installation at a multiemployer project, a tw o-story commercial building.  He was working on a baker scaffold when a steel bo lt holding one of the scaffold's casters sheered off, and the scaffold tipped ov er.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fr actured right wrist.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on December 2, 2021, an employee was working as a rigger assigned to assist with the weight test of a ship's slew arm davit in the carpenter shop of a ship repair company. The employee attached the shackles to complete the con figuration of the 10,000-pound weight-block to be used. The forklift operator dr ove forward with a pallet on the forks and had a conversation with another cowor ker.  After the conversation, the forklift operator backed up towards the weight block. The operator did not see that the employee was standing between the left side of forklift and the weight block. When the operator turned to go forward, the rear end of the forklift swung toward the block, striking the employee with the driver's side rear tire. The employee was hospitalized to treat a fractured left ankle.
fall_fatal	At 8:15 p.m. on August 18, 2018, the employee was walking to a ladder while on a residential roof and had been preparing to climb down.  The employee unfastened his safety lanyard and lost his balance, falling off of the top roof and struck a lower roof during his fall to the ground.  The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on March 7, 2017, a coworker was prepping material by drilling holes in wooden posts that were to be set into place and anchored into cement parapet wall while an employee was standing approximately 24 ft away. Th e coworker was elevated approximately 10 ft above grade handling approximately 2 4 ft tall wooden post.  The coworker lost control of the post and dropping the p ost which struck the employee in the back. The employee suffered from broken rib and broken eardrum for which he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 p.m. on July 28, 2020, an employee was driving a stand up forklift too f ast and ran through some water causing the forklift to skid into nearby storage racks. The employee broke his leg, foot and ankle in the collision with the rack s and required hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 23, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, painters subcontr acted by a construction remodeling company, were completing a four-day project t o repaint the exterior of a residential structure.  Employee #1 was stepping ont o the extension ladder when he fell, a fall height of 8 to 9 feet, and struck hi s head on the concrete surface.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured skull.  Employe e #1 died while hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on March 27, 2019, Employee #1, a foreman employed by a steel erect ion company, was working at the site of a new five-story commercial building.  W hile handling a load of iron with dunnage in between the pieces of iron, one of the wood blocks shifted, causing the foreman's fingers to be pinched/smashed.  O ne fingernail was destroyed.  The employee received medical treatment for the in jury but was not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on May 31, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working in an 8 feet deep trench protected with a trench box.  He was using a concrete saw to cut a section of existing clay sewer pipe when the sawblade wa s pinched by the pipe.  The saw kicked back, and the blade struck the employee. The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of lace rations to the chest and neck.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on August 23, 2018, an employee was painting steel beams while on a n aerial lift. While moving the lift to the next location, the basket caught on a beam and as the basket broke free, the bouncing motion caused the employee to be thrown against another beam and receive a chipped (fractured) shoulder.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:45 a.m. on July 6, 2017, an employee was repairing an electric power line a fter a storm.  The employee came in contact with a live 7,200 KV power line and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 6:00 p.m. on March 29, 2017, Employee #1 was adjusting a sink b asin.  He grabbed or pushed a grounded copper pipe and contacted a live electric al part.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on August 5, 2014, Employee #1 was checking a hydraul ic line on a loader when the boom collapsed on top of him. Employee #1 was kille d.
struck_nonfatal	At 07:00 a.m. on February 22, 2022, an employee was standing with a coworker wai ting for instructions for placement of  concrete mixers for the pouring of a sla b for a boat storage facility. The coworker got directions to place the mixer tr uck and advised the employee that he was going to move the truck. The employee n odded and the coworker got in the mixer truck, checked side mirrors, put the tru ck in reverse which activated the back-up alarm and began backing up, all the wh ile checking the side mirrors. Another coworker began sounding a horn and motion ed at the first coworker. The coworker driving the mixer truck pulled forward, s topped and got out to see what was happening. The employee had been struck and r unover by the mixer truck. Both of the employee's legs were fractured as a resul t of being runover and was admitted and treated at the hospital.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on July 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was working in a building's corridor.  He was changing the direction of an exit sign.  As he attached the exit sign to the ceiling, Employee #1 touched an energized wire.  He received an electric shock.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for the electric shock.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 28, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a residential job site.  He was operating a table saw to cut woo d when his finger was cut and his fingertip was amputated.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for the partial amputation.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a job site.  He was walking alongside a concrete finishing m achine when he fell and grabbed the machine.  Employee #1's finger was amputated .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al, admitted, and treated for the amputation.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a landscaping company, was engaged in landscaping for a new single family community.  He was operating a Bobcat E-32 Compact Excavator and excavating a shallow horizontal trench acro ss a steep slope/hill.  The excavator arm hit a rock or other hard object, causi ng the machine's tracks to lift up.  The excavator became unbalanced,  overturne d onto its side, and slid down the hill.  Employee #1, who was wearing a seat be lt and hard hat, remained belted inside the excavator.  The machine came to rest on its side with Employee #1 hanging by his seat belt until other employees cut him out.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted f or treatment of  head pain, bruises and abrasions, and a knee injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 14, 2019, an employee was leaving his worksite towards a bui lding exit when he walked into a forklift path. The employee was struck by the t ail end of the forks of a powered industrial vehicle (PIV) driven by a coworker. The employee incurred a broken foot and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. om June 18, 2018, an employee was performing exterior masonry work from a scaffold. The employee fell from the scaffold sustaining injuries, inclu ding lost teeth.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 8, 2018, an employee was unloading a reel of wire and a second reel weighting 2,652 lbs fell from an adjacent truck, striking the emplo yee in his chest.  The employee suffered a fracture to his chest and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:05 p.m. on September 21, 2021, an employee was wiring for PLC in a circuit breaker electrical panel (near energized cables and busbar) when he suffered wha t appeared to be an electric shock and died.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:20 a.m. on April 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was performing maintenance on the ECKR Furnace slide valves at a power plant. His right middle finger became caught in a sliding part and was partially amput ated.  The employee received medical treatment for the amputation but was not ho spitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:20 p.m. on November 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in rehabilitation work at a residential structure.  He was working ne ar the edge of the roof and installing insulation when he fell, a fall height of 8.75 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for face and back injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on March 27, 2019, Employee #1, a foreman employed by a steel erect ion company, was working at the site of a new five-story commercial building.  W hile handling a load of iron with dunnage in between the pieces of iron, one of the wood blocks shifted, causing the foreman's fingers to be pinched/smashed.  O ne fingernail was destroyed.  The employee received medical treatment for the in jury but was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 28, 2017, an employee was assisting with loading concre te blocks onto a flatbed trailer using a forklift.  The employee was struck in t he head by the lifting attachment when it slid off the forklift and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 26, 2002, Employee #1 and a coworker, of JNR Gutters, Inc., were installing an aluminum gutter at a building in Lawrence, MA. Employee #1 was on an aluminum extension ladder that was leaning against a metal fence. He was passing one end of the 16 ft 6 in. long gutter to a coworker situated on an adjacent ladder when it contacted the primary electrical power line. Employee #1 suffered severe electrical burns and fell between 21 ft and 27 ft off the ladder. He died of electrocution.
caught_fatal	On September 16, 2008, Employee #1, a foreman, stayed after regular work hours to continue installing black iron piping for a fire suppression system. The pipe was 2.5 inches in diameter and approximately 21 feet long. Employee #1 was using a scissor lift to raise the pipe approximately 10 feet, to a concrete basement ceiling area, when he was crushed between the pipe and the ceiling. He sustained a fractured neck, and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 9:20 a.m. on January 5, 2018, an employee was installing HVAC unit ducts.  Th e employee fell from a roof opening onto a concrete floor and was killed due to head trauma.
electrocution_fatal	On June 20, 2002, Employee #1 was installing siding on a residential property. He was working from a ladder that was set adjacent to an incoming 150-amp electrical service conductor when he accidentally contacted the line. A coworker tried to get him off the line by shaking the ladder. This caused Employee #1 to fall approximately 20 ft onto a concrete driveway. He died of head injuries sustained in the fall.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 1:45 p.m. on March 16, 2017, Employee #1 and #2 were work from a carpenters bracket scaffolding installing fascia trim so they could start ins talling roofing panels. The bracket from the scaffolding pulled off and both emp loyees fell 16 feet to the ground. Both employees were hospitalized and treated for unspecified broken bones.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 11, 2017, an employee was on the 3rd floor balcony usi ng a 5 foot A-frame ladder.  The employee fell from the balcony and sustained se vere head injuries.  The employee was rushed to the hospital where he was subseq uently pronounced dead.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 20, 2013, an employee was applying Stucco and washing tools used to apply stucco without fall protection.  The employee fell from the fourth level of a scaffold system and suffered fatal blunt force trauma to head .
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 21, 2015, Employee #1, an electrician employed by an el ectrical contractor, was working at a multiemployer construction project for a c ommercial building.  He was using a 1,000-volt meter to test a 12,000-volt circu it.  The meter exploded and emergency services were called. Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for flash burns to both ha nds.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 21, 2017, Employees #1 and #2 and Coworker #1, construc tion workers working at a residential construction project, were preparing to wo rk on a pump jack scaffold.  Coworker #1 was on the building's roof and lifting a section of scaffold into place when the scaffold fell and made contact with an overhead power line.  The power arced, and Employees #1 and #2, on the ground, were shocked.  Emergency services were called, and the injured employees were tr ansported to the hospital.  Employee #1 was treated for electric shock and burns and released.  Employee #2, who was more severely injured, was admitted and tre ated for electric shock and burns.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:52 a.m. on May 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a two-story commercial building.  After instructing other employe es in how to perform their task, he attempted to descend from an elevated work p latform by scaling an exterior wall.  The temporary brace he was wearing broke, and the employee fell, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple inj uries, including fractures to his skull, wrists, nose, and eye sockets.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 16, 2021, an employee worked to level a house and made c ontact with live electrical conductors. The employee was electrocuted and killed .
struck_fatal	At 11:21 a.m. on May 12, 2018, Employee #1 was operating a Bobcat Skidsteer load er during logging operations. After tying one end of a rope to the Bobcat and th e other end to a large tree, Employee #1 operated the Bobcat in the opposite dir ection of the tree. The tree fell, striking the Bobcat and Employee #1. Employee #1 suffered injury and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on June 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at a multiemployer construction project, an amphitheater.  He was loa ding debris into a 950F Caterpillar loader bucket.  The vehicle, which was parke d on an incline, moved forward 3 feet and pinned Employee #1 between the loader bucket and a steel handrail.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 wa s transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a ruptured splee n caused by the crushing injury.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 9, 2015, a worker was working from a ladder to replace temperature relay switches. After replacing the relay switch on a loadbank #5, He began inspecting loadbank #6, which had 13.8 volts of current running through it. The worker was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on March 17, 2015, an employee was killed when caught in between eq uipment.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 20, 2019, Employee #1 was walking on the roof, looking f or his supervisor. The employee fell through a skylight and struck the storage r ack below. He was killed as a result of the fall, sustaining multiple organ syst em damage and head trauma.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 28, 2021, an employee worked with five coworkers to i nstall a metal roof. At some point, the employee began to fall off the roof, the employee's lanyard was cut by the metal roof edge, and the employee fell approx imately thirty-two feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat severe head trau ma (multiple fractures, edema), a rib fracture, and a hemopneumothorax (internal bleeding).
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 5, 2018, Employee #1 was opening a loading dock door. When the door reached the top of the door tracks. The door flipped over, came off the tracks, and struck the employee. He sustained a fractured neck and a large lace ration to his forehead.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 30, 2017, an employee was performing roofing work.  The empl oyee fell through a plastic dome-style un-guarded skylight to a concrete floor 1 7 feet and 5 inches below, and was killed by severe blunt force trauma to the br ain.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 20, 2014, an employee was rigging a pallet of masonry bloc k to be lifted via crane to where it was needed on the construction site. The cr ane utilized on site was a 90 Ton Hydraulic Grove Truck Crane (Year: 2004, Model : TMS900E, Serial Number: 223946). The rigging employee was working by himself o ut of view from the crane operator and any other employees on site. The rigging employee was in contact with the crane operator via a two-way radio. Once the ri gging was set on the pallet of masonry block, the crane operator minimally lifte d up on the load, at which point the crane boom sheared and collapsed to the gro und below. The rigging employee was struck by the collapsing crane boom (specifi cally the jib extension) and received fatal crushing injuries to the skull.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 2, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a plumb ing company, were working on a military base and installing a new reclaimed wate r pipeline in a trench.  The pipeline had been capped with a ductile iron cap to prevent animals and debris from entering during a holiday break.   Employee #1 was attempting to remove the iron cap from the pipeline without first verifying there was no pressure (water or air) in the pipeline.  As Employee #1 loosened t he bolts, pressure within the pipeline released, causing the iron cap to propel outward and strike the employee.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, w here he was admitted for treatment of fractures to his femur/thighbone and three ribs and a contusion to his midsection.
caught_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on November 26, 2018, an employee was driving the Kubota M7060 trac tor Serial #63549. His task was to rototill the dirt so the other person onsite could compact the dirt. The employee's left foot was grabbed by the rototiller t ines and his left leg was pulled in followed by his right leg and torso up to hi s stomach.  The employee was killed instantly.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 8, 2006, Employee #1, of Shaw Energy Delivery Services, Inc., was working on an energized 7,200-volt, pad-mounted transformer, and he received an electric shock. Employee #1 sustained unspecified injuries that required hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	On November 1, 2013, Employee #1, a 49-year-old male carpenter with Socal Framing Inc., was engaged in the framing operations on a multi-story apartment building. At the beginning of the shift workers had used a ladder to get to the second level from the ground level. During the lunch break, Employee #1 was walking on the fully installed second floor to go down to the ground level. The walls on the second floor were completely framed in however; no drywall boards were attached at the time. The ladder, that the workers used earlier to get on the second floor had been moved, so Employee #1 attempted to use the framed wall to climb down to the ground level. While Employee #1 was climbing down, a horizontal piece of lumber, on the framed wall, gave way and he fell about 10 ft onto the concrete floor at the ground level below. Employee #1 suffered multiple fractures in the fall and was hospitalized for about a week. This employer was engaged in the framing operations for residential and commercial building construction and Employee #1 was not a contract worker.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 28, 2021, an employee worked with five coworkers to i nstall a metal roof. At some point, the employee began to fall off the roof, the employee's lanyard was cut by the metal roof edge, and the employee fell approx imately thirty-two feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat severe head trau ma (multiple fractures, edema), a rib fracture, and a hemopneumothorax (internal bleeding).
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 1, 2018, three employees were checking the continuity of an electrical line when an electrical arc flash or explosion occurred during routi ng preventative maintenance of a transformer.  Employee #1 burned 80% of his bod y due to an electric shock, Employee #2 burned approximately 30% of his body, an d Employee #3 was treated for stress and shock before being released.  Employees #1 and #2 were both hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:47 a.m. on October 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was performing housekeeping tasks to clean up construction areas on the secon d floor of a multifamily residential building.  She came across a piece of wood on the floor.  As she attempted to remove it, she fell through the opening the w ood was covering.  Employee #1 fell approximately 15 feet and struck the concret e on the ground floor.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospi tal, where she was admitted for treatment of multiple injuries, including fractu res to her left elbow, left wrist, spine, and face; a lacerated kidney; and inju ries to her eyes, teeth, and right wrist.
struck_fatal	At 12:50 p.m. on September 21, 2020, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a ro ofing contractor, were replacing the entire roofing system of a one-story commer cial building.  The initial work involved removing the surface roofing material, the skylights, and the underlying plywood sheets, thereby creating openings in the roof and a leading edge.  The employees, after finishing lunch, were returni ng to work and the next process, which was to replace the old plywood sheets.  E mployee #1, who did not put on a personal fall protection system before returnin g to the leading edge area, fell through the opening in the roof, a fall height of 28 feet, and struck his head on the concrete floor.  Employee #1 sustained a fractured skull and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:15 a.m. on July 23, 2014, Employee #1 was cleaning demolition debris on the 6th floor. He removed a wood plank that was covering a hole in th e floor and fell through the hole, approximately 60 feet.  Employee #1 landed on debris on the ground floor, fracturing his head and died.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in interior framing work at a new residential construction project .  He was using a Hitachi pneumatic nail gun, Model NR 83A2.  As he carried the nail gun to his work area, the air hose became caught.  As he attempted to free it, the gun discharged a nail into his left wrist.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for the injury.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:15 p.m. on March 22, 2017, an employee was working on a publi c street as part of a light rail extension project for the contractor. The emplo yee was on his knees, traffic control was being implemented by the use of cones, message board and a company truck parked in front of the message board. There w as a fire hydrant on the side of the street with underground water crossing adja cent to the work area. The underground water crossing sticks out approximately a n inch above the street with asphalt on the sides. As the water crossing runs to the fire hydrant, it sticks out further from the street level.  A double decker bus pulled on the side of the street, the right side of the bus caught the wate r crossing and dragged it along as it pulled away. The crossing hit the employee on the ankle who was working approximately 15 feet away. The employee suffered from fractured leg and ankle for which he was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on August 7, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a munici pal street services department, were preparing a street for paving.  This includ ed preparing the CAT Asphalt Paver, Model AP1055F, that the coworker was operati ng.   The coworker turned on the Paver and engaged the hopper conveyor and the h orizontal rotating auger conveyor.  As the conveyors were running, the coworker noticed a piece of plywood, approximately a 3 feet by 3 feet, jammed in the hori zontal rotating conveyor.  The coworker instructed Employee #1 to remove the woo d.  Employee #1 stood on the left side of the rotating auger and leaned in to vi ew the wood.  The rotating auger caught his left boot, twisted his ankle, and cu t into his heel.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admi tted for treatment of fractures to his ankle and lower tibia (shinbone) and deep lacerations to his ankle.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:45 p.m. on November 12, 2014, an employee, a laborer was prep aring a pipe fusion machine. A backhoe was being used to support a pipe fusion m achine (001) which was being prepared for operation at the edge of the excavatio n. The backhoe operator was inside the backhoe with the engine running. The fore man and the employee were working at the side of the trench preparing the fusion machine. The backhoe was not holding the weight of the fusing machine but was b eing used to secure it in case it fell. The employee was on the right side of th e fusion machine attaching the hoses to the machine. Following this, he attempte d to stand up when he was struck by the arm of the backhoe. The employee was tak en to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead. According to the statement of ba ckhoe operator, he was attempting to close the rear facing window when his safet y vest caught one of the backhoe control levers, causing the arm top strike the employee.
fall_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on November 25, 2017, an employee was performing roofing repair. Th e employee stood on skylight and fell 20 feet to the ground below. The employee died from the injuries suffered.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 5, 2019, Employee #1 was working at a two-story building, a multiemployer construction project.  He was working from an extension ladder a nd detaching a gutter when the detached gutter came into contact with an overhea d power line.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on March 6, 2019, Employee #1 was using an extension ladder, instal ling steel on the side of a horse barn. The employee was working from the third and fourth rung on the ladder when the ladder shifted, and the employee fell 10 feet, fracturing his left wrist and arm. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his in juries.
fall_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on August 22, 2014, Employee #1 and Employee #2 had just returned f rom their break. Employee #2 had been sitting in the truck with the air conditio ner on and appeared to be asleep.  Employee #2 opened the door of the truck and vomited, but stated that he was okay when asked.  Employee #1 and Employee #2 go t in an aerial lift and went up to work on the bridge. Both employees wore perso nal fall arrest with lanyards attached to anchor points on lift. Employee #1 ste pped under the gate of the aerial lift platform onto a wooden form on the north side of the bridge. Employee #2 leaned over and fell to the ground below. He sus tained multiple blunt force injuries and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on September 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construc tion company, was working with a Transcrete P80 Concrete Pump to pour concrete f or 16-inch by 16-inch by 12-foot tall columns.  Needing to clean out the hopper, he removed the grill and started chipping away at the concrete mix with a hamme r.  An S-tube activated and pinned his left hand against the inner wall of the h opper.  Employee #1's entire left hand was amputated.  The employee was transpor ted by emergency services to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment o f the hand amputation.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on November 19, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a residentia l construction company, were installing wood sheathing to the exterior of a sing le family residence that was being renovated.  Rather than wait for the scaffold ing their employer had ordered from a different company, they built a scaffold o n site with a work platform approximately 11 feet above the dirt surface.  This scaffold lacked guardrails.  The employees were working from this scaffold and h olding the top and bottom of a 4 foot by 8 foot piece of plywood when the scaffo ld broke.  Both employees fell.  Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, wher e he received 10 to 12 stitches to close a laceration on his left pinky finger. He was released without hospitalization.  Employee #2 was transported to a diff erent hospital for observation and then release without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:40 a.m. on December 2, 2013, Employee #1, with Go-Staff, Inc., was placing horizontal shoring members and digging, for a subcontractor at a construction job site. Employee #1 was working on the southwest side of the 3,500 square ft site, opposite from where an excavator was in operation (John Deere; Model Number: 225; DLC Excavator; Number: 53066). Employee #1 had been placing horizontal timbers (lagging) between vertically driven steel beams (soldier piles). Part of the job site was inaccessible due to puddles of water, from rain run-off and seepage, which had gathered in the north side of the lot. Employee #1 had taken a bathroom break, and when he returned, his coworkers had moved to the northeast corner of the lot. Employee #1 crossed the lot to join the others. He passed in front of the excavator, when the excavator began moving and ran over his leg. Due to the deep mud, Employee #1 was unable to move out of the way. Employee #1 was hospitalized for two days. He suffered a fracture to the right side femur and damage to his right ankle. Employee #1 underwent surgery to repair the break and install rods and screws.
fall_fatal	At 9:50 a.m. on February 2, 2017, an employee had been tearing off roofing mater ials and was walking across the roof of a classroom building to a ladder.  The e mployee fell from the roof and was killed by blunt force trauma to the head.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on September 26, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in carpentry at a school.  He was working from the elevated pla tform of an articulating scissor lift and securing pieces of plywood to cover th e openings of a vertical exterior wall.  Employee #1's foot slipped, he lost his balance, and he fell onto a lower roof, a fall height of approximately 20 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l.  He was admitted and treated for left shoulder and rib fractures.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 29, 2011, Employee #1, an electrical power installer, was working in a 4-ft ditch, repairing an underground electrical cable connected to a transformer. He sustained an electrical shock of 7,200 volts, which caused first, second and third degree burns to his hands, arms, chest, stomach, and left knee. He was sent to Lenoir Memorial Hospital and later air-lifted to UNC Burn Center, where he was hospitalized for treatment.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:00 a.m. on April 2, 2014, Employee #1 fell approximately fou r stories off a tubular welded scaffold and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 1, 2015, an employee was climbing a ladder to a roof to a ssist co-worker.  The ladder slipped and the employee fell onto concrete pavesto nes. Employee was killed due to the fall.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 21, 2020, Employee #1 was operating a Genie aerial lift during the rehabilitation of a two-story building.  When the employee began to m ove the boom horizontally, the turntable came off the body of the lift, ejecting the employee.  The employee fell and struck the surface.  He was hospitalized f or treatment of blunt force traumatic head injuries.
caught_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on November 17, 2014, an employee was tasked with installing a san itary pipe at the bottom of a 20 foot deep trench. The employee was in the trenc h alone operating partially inside the north end of a trench shield. While opera ting in this condition and at the north end of the shield, a mass of soil sheare d away from the east wall (north end) landing on top of the employee. The employ ee was buried under approximately four feet of soil and had ultimately suffocate d while pinned underneath the mass.  The employee was killed. The weather condit ions included below freezing temperatures with over 20 mph winds. Two other equi pment operators including the site foreman were in the immediate area though did not witness the actual fatal event.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on March 25, 2014, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were j umping a gin pole, moving it, when the wire rope sling for the gin pole top bloc k failed. This caused the two communication towers to collapse on top of Employe e #1 and Employee #2, killing them.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a marine coatings compan y, was working at a shipyard.  He was installing planks as part of a marine hang ing staging on a barge.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell to the bottom of a tank, a fall height of approximately 8 feet 10 inches.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries related to the fall.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on June 21, 2017, an employee was being raised upon a makeshift sca ffold platform that rested upon a fork truck. The platform measured 4 feet by 4 feet by 8 feet and was lifted to an approximate 25 feet elevation to nail a meta l facia cover in place. During work, the platform shifted and the employee fell to a concrete surface sidewalk below. The employee suffered multiple fractures a nd crushing injuries that resulted in his death.
fall_fatal	At 8:16 a.m. on April 24, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project.  He was working from a bak er scaffold and installing plywood on the ceiling of the rooms.  Employee #1 was climbing down from the scaffold when he fell.  He sustained a head injury and f racture and was killed.
caught_fatal	On March 17, 2011, a four man crew of crane and tower operators, including the supervisor, was assembling a rig derrick. While preparing to hook a section of the derrick to the crane, the supervisor observed Employee # 1 starting to climb a section of the derrick. The section of derrick fell backwards against another section of derrick, pinning and crushing Employee # 1. He died at the site from his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in interior framing work at a new residential construction project .  He was using a Hitachi pneumatic nail gun, Model NR 83A2.  As he carried the nail gun to his work area, the air hose became caught.  As he attempted to free it, the gun discharged a nail into his left wrist.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for the injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on May 6, 2019, Employees #1 and #2 worked on the roof of a residen tial structure to conduct demolition work. At some point, Employee #1 began to f all from the roof and Employee #2 grabbed Employee #1 to stop the fall. Both emp loyees fell approximately ten feet from the roof. Employee #1 received unspecifi ed head and neck injuries and Employee #2 received unspecified injuries to both legs.  Both were hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 8, 2014, Employee #1, a framer, Coworkers #1, #2, and #3, and their direct supervisor, Coworker #5, all employed by a construction framing contractor, were engaged in framing work at a large building project, the construction of 246 multifamily apartment units. The company had been working at the site for approximately three months and was expected to complete the contract in another two months. As the crew was standing up a wall frame that measured approximately 10 feet high by 14 feet long, it fell on top of Employee #1. No other members of the work crew were injured. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to UCLA Medical Center, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured right leg. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA at 7:24 p.m. on April 8, 2014. During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that Employee #1 had worked for the company since 2012. Leading up to the event, Coworkers #1, #2, and #3 apparently had placed one end of the bottom of the wall frame into a bolt that was cemented into the floor. Employee #1 had not placed his end of the frame into the corresponding bolt. Therefore, the wall was unstable. During the standing up process, when the three coworkers let go of the wall, it fell, striking Employee #1 and pinning him between the frame and the floor.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 p.m. on April 10, 2017, Employee #1 was driving a water hauling truck an d pulling a water tank trailer up a hill. The truck was unable to make it up the hill, and the trailer jack-knifed. The employee went down the hill, and a secon d truck was brought to the site to straighten the trailer and pull it down the h ill.  As the trailer was pulled, it rolled onto its side, and struck Employee #1 , breaking his upper right leg. The employee was hospitalized for his injury.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 12, 2021, a farm truck traveling on a county road was st ruck by a train at an uncontrolled crossing. Preliminary investigation revealed the driver sight line was obstructed by another train parked on a parallel spur approximately 20 feet from the main line. The driver sustained fatal injuries in the collision.
struck_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on May 19, 2014, an independent contractor employee leased out his truck and trailer to a company for the purpose of transporting loads between cus tomers.  The contractor was discussing the cargo loading requirements with the s hipper within 5 foot of his trailer when the contractor walked backwards while a rguing about the tie down requests.  He stepped into the path of a moving forkli ft. The contractor was struck by a board extending out form the rear of the load , and caught his right foot under the left rear tire of the forklift, which pull ed him to the ground. The forklift ran over the contractor's right side, crushin g his right foot and hip. The employee was killed in the accident.
fall_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on November 27, 2017, Employee #1, a truck driver, w as dispatched to receive a load of material. Employee #1 arrived at the shipping /receiving lot area, then entered the shipping office to receive his pick-up num ber. He exited the office and drove his truck/trailer to the three lane staging area located 20 yards in front of the shipping office. The employee was second i n line in staging lane one. The truck waiting in front of Employee #1's vehicle moved to the loading area and noticed that the employee was laying on his back n ext to the driver's side door of his truck. Emergency responders were contacted and the employee was removed from the scene by ambulance and transported to a ne arby hospital where he died from his injuries. Employee #1 had sustained multipl e fractured ribs, fracture/dislocation of the 8th and 9th vertebrae, and a lacer ation to his scalp. There were no witnesses identified, but it is believed that Employee #1 fell while attempting to enter or exit the cab of his truck.
electrocution_fatal	On November 17, 2009 Employee #1, from Bristol Tn Essential Services, was on a power pole to perform routine maintenance. The primary phase was rated at 7,620 volts. Employee #1 was replacing animal guards, and he was electrocuted. Employee #2 and Employee #3 were approximately 180 ft from the pole, when the incident occurred.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in wiring a bus plug.  An arc flash occurred, and Employee #1 sustai ned extensive burns.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for burns to his chest, face , arms, and hands.  During the subsequent investigation, information was gathere d indicating that the arc flash occurred when the ground wire fell and made cont act with live wires.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on October 19, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an el ectrical services company, were engaged in the installation of electrical cable at a four-story manufacturing plant.  Employee #1 was working from a screen guar d and feeding cable to Coworker #1.  Employee #1 stepped off the edge of the scr een guard, fell, and landed on his feet on the concrete floor, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to both heels.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 16, 2018, an employee was attempting to uncover a tra iler of almonds. The employee had to release a ratchet strap but in was jammed s o he climbed on top of the trailer to loosen it. After the employee had released the ratchet, he walked back to dismount the trailer when he had a misstep, and his leg was caught in the metal frame of the truck, resulting in a fractured tib ia and knee.
fall_fatal	At 9:40 a.m. on August 15, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an outdoor sign compan y, was working from a billboard catwalk and installing conduit and electrical wi ring as part of a multiemployer construction project.  He fell from the catwalk, a fall height of 40 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on March 18, 2005, Employee #1, an excavator operator, arrived at a job site for his first day of work with the company. At about 7:30 a.m., the project manager instructed him to move an RE Jenkins Kobelco excavator, Model Number SK300LC, that he had turned on around 6:45 a.m., to an adjacent location. Employee #1 hopped into the machine and familiarized himself with the equipment. At approximately 7:40 a.m., he raised the boom and struck the overhead power lines, resulting in the facility losing power. The excavator damaged both the neutral and primary lines, and there was evidence of electrical damage along the excavator's knuckle and piston. The neutral cable was located 23.46 feet above the ground, and the primary cable was located approximately 28 feet above the ground. The height of the excavator boom/arm raised, but not extended, was 27.18 feet long, and 33.36 feet long when completely extended. There were no reported injuries, as a result of this accident.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 p.m. on November 5, 2018, an employee was cleaning the inside of a grai n truck hopper when he slipped and fell into a grain pit.  The employee's leg an d feet were caught in the screw auger and he amputated four toes from his left f oot.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on June 25, 2021, an employee and a coworker were installing a 30 f oot flag pole. The flag pole contacted a 28 foot high 14,400 volt power line dur ing erection. The employee was electrocuted and died. The coworker received life threatening electrical burns and shocks, requiring hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 31, 2017, Employee #1, a drywall hanger, was doing some p re-work installation in an unfinished attic. He was on his knees on top of the c eiling joists. He had secured a piece of drywall and was screwing it into the st uds. As the employee was crawling to position himself to continue screwing the d rywall, he placed his hand on a joist that was not secured correctly. The joist collapsed, causing Employee #1 to fall approximately nine feet to the concrete f loor. The employee sustained a concussion, a laceration to his head, fractures i n both wrists, and a C4 spinal fracture. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on July 26, 2018, an employee and his coworker were rolling a cart that contained a roll of roofing material down a 3:12 sloped roof with a 30 inch parapet. During movement of the material, the coworker slipped and the cart sta rted to roll free down the roof. The employee reached to stop the cart and fell over the edge of the roof. The employee struck a concrete sidewalk that was 70 f eet below the roof and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:40 a.m. on February 1, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a con struction company, were working at a construction job site.  The coworker was op erating a forklift that held an I-beam.  Employee #1 was serving as the coworker 's spotter.  The I-beam fell and landed on Employee #1's legs, crushing both leg s.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal, where he was admitted and treated for the crushing injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on March 26, 2019, an employee was positioning a 72 inch diameter i ndustrial magnet on a set a saw hoses with an alloy steel chain sling attached t o an overhead crane.  The employee reached under the suspended magnet to positio n the saw horse when its lifting lug broke and it fell onto the saw horses.  The employee caught his left hand's index finger between the magnet and the saw hor se, partially amputating his finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in framing work at a multiemployer construction project, a new two -story house.  A crane was being used to lower trusses onto the roof.  A truss f ell from the crane onto the roof and shook the house.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee # 1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on October 27, 2018, an employee was tossing two boxes of gutter br ushes onto the sky bridge.  The employee lost his balance in an aerial lift buck et and fell approximately three stories onto the aerial lift vehicle windshield and to the concrete pavement. The employee was killed.  The employee was not wea ring any personal fall arrest equipment attached to the aerial lift bucket.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 15, 2019, Employee #1 and three coworkers, employed by a framing contractor, were engaged in framing activities for a new residence.  Th ey were attempting to set a ridge beam in place.  Employee #1 and coworkers were on the third floor and working from a temporary walking/working surface while m anually setting the beam, which was approximately 25 feet long.  The employees s et one end of the beam in place, but did not brace or otherwise secure it.  When they went to set the other end in place, the first end slipped out and swung ar ound, striking Employee #1 in the side of his face and knocking him off the work ing surface.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet, and land ed on an angled 2 by 4 piece of lumber.  Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, where he was admitted for treatment of multiple fractured ribs and fractur ed lumbar vertebrae.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on February 1, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a heating and coolin g company, was working at a multifamily residential building.  He was on the six th floor and working on a 250-pound, 40-foot long pipe that was being lowered fr om the 9th floor to the 6th floor.  Employee #1 was lining the pipe in preparati on, to be welded to another pipe.  The pipe slipped down approximately 5 to 6 fe et, rolling over Employee #1's hand. The employee's hand was crushed between the pipe and the concrete floor.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on June 29, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a construc tion company, were engaged in steel erection for a four-story commercial buildin g.  Employee #1 was welding a decorative structure onto a steel frame when he fe ll, a fall height of 20 feet, and struck a concrete deck.  The employee was wear ing his body harness but had not tied off.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a skull fracture and multiple ri b fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 27, 2019, an employee took measurements for a louvre o n a gable roof. At some point, the employee slipped on ice and fell approximatel y seventeen feet. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment of a pelvis fracture.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on June 12, 2019, Employee #1 was working at a power plant.  The em ployee was testing a battery bank when electrical energy contacted his head.  He received an electric shock and burns to the face and head.  The employee was tr ansported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 9, 2018, an employee left the cab of a CAT 980C Loader and was climbing down the ladder when he stepped onto a chock block that was lying on the ground.  The employee fell off of the chock block, twisted his left leg, and fell to the ground.  The employee fractured his leg and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At about 8:30 a.m. on December 14, 2004, Employee #1, age 16, of EICON, Inc., was preparing to use an electric jackhammer at a street intersection in San Francisco, CA. He was standing on wet soil when, using an industrial extension cord, he plugged the tool into an outlet at a neighboring house. According to Employee #1, he suffered an electric shock when he touched the jackhammer, before he turned it on. He was not seriously injured and he was transported to the hospital, where he was examined and released. There were no direct witnesses to the accident. The house outlet, extension cord, and jackhammer were all determined to be in good working condition. It could not be determined how Employee #1 received an electric shock.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on December 27, 2021, an employee worked to install a six-foot sect ion of sheeting between a window and the corner of a building. The employee clim bed a sixteen-foot extension ladder to reach the location of the work, which was placed on slippery and muddy ground. The employee stood on the top rung to nail in a twelve-inch by eight-foot strip of wood in place. When the employee began to work, the ladder shifted approximately an inch, which caused the employee to look down and see that the ladder was starting to kick outward. The employee att empted to grab ahold of the nearest window, missed, and fell approximately twelv e feet, and struck a fire sprinkler standpipe on the way down. The employee aske d to go home and shower, feeling stiffness after the fall. The employee then wen t to the hospital the next day and was treated for multiple contusions and abras ions to the lower back and buttocks.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on November 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a bridge constructio n company, was stacking 4-foot metal scrap onto a trailer.  The load started to shift and struck the employee.  The employee jumped off the trailer.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and trea ted for fractures to his right leg tibia and fibula bones.
electrocution_fatal	On October 1, 2004, Employee #1 was working in an escalator pit when he was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was engaged in plumbing installation at a new multifamily residential structure, a multiemployer construction project.  He was standing on a 6-foot ladder and u sing a hole saw to drill a 4-inch hole into the top plate.  The saw kicked back and struck the employee's face.  The employee fell, a fall height of 5 feet.  He was treated for a bruised shoulder, lacerations to his arms and legs, and two b roken teeth.  He was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 26, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor , was engaged in roofing work for a new two-story residential structure.  He was carrying plywood and laying it on the roof trusses when he slipped and fell, fi rst striking a wall walker scaffold that was in place on a wall a few feet below the roof line, and then continuing to fall to the surface, a total fall height of 12 feet.  He landed on his back, against a hammer he was holding on his work belt.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment o f a fractured vertebra.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on May 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete company, was w orking at a road repair project.  He was using a jointer with an extended handle to finish the paved concrete surface.  The tool's handle had been lengthened wi th the addition of four extensions, each 5 feet 5 inches long.  When Employee #1 raised the extended handle, it came into contact with the electro-magnetic fiel d surrounding overhead electrical power lines.  The handle conducted 1,400 volts of electricity down to Employee #1, who was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 13, 2017, an employee was using machinery to install he aders on pipes. For an unknown reason, the employee placed his hand in the openi ng of the pipe, resulting in his right hand being caught by the rotor of the mac hinery.  One of his fingers on his right hand was amputated, which he was hospit alized for.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on January 13, 2006, Employee #1, a concrete laborer, was readying a portable lighting tower to move to another site. At approximately 1:00 a.m. that morning, the tower had been parked under a 24 ft 4-1/2 in. high overhead power line and left extended at about 25 ft, with the generator and the lights on. The 18-person concrete crew gathered before 5:00 a.m. and began pouring the first slab. They turned off the generator at approximately 6:00 a.m. At about 3:00 p.m. Employee #1 began preparing the light tower for transport. He started retracting the tower by loosening a setscrew on the mast that was used to keep the lights directed. When the mast was loosened, it rotated the tower. The two-light bar tree mounted at the top of the turret contacted the 7,500-volt overhead line. Employee #1 received an electric shock and died shortly afterwards.
fall_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on November 8, 2013, Employee #1 was installing wood siding on a dormer. As he was working, he lost his balance and fell from the roo f. Employee #1 struck the ground and sustained multiple injuries including fract ures to his C1 and C7 cervical vertebrae and later died.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 14, 2022, an employee was performing carpentry and frami ng work on the fourth floor of a new residential building under construction. Fo r an unknown reason, the employee fell 40 to 44 feet 6 inches from the structure . The employee sustained broken ribs, fractured vertebrae, and a brain injury in the fall, requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 30, 2020, an employee was elevated in a bucket truck to ins tall a jumper across a floater. The employee received an arc flash when he attem pted to connect the power to a grounded circuit. The employee sustained 2nd degr ee burns to his face, chest and arm.  The employee was hospitalized for treatmen t.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 3, 2022, an employee was removing and replacing metal roof ing when he mistakenly stepped on insulation instead of metal roof and fell thro ugh the opening. The employee suffered a traumatic head injury from contact with the concrete floor and died.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 28, 2015, an employee was placing rake angles underneath the roof system. The employee fell 19 feet to the ground after climbing out of scissor lift. He struck the back of his head against the pavement and was killed .
struck_nonfatal	At 4:20 p.m. on September 10, 2018, an employee was using an overhead crane to m ove some steel beams when a  beam tipped over and fell on his right ankle, fract uring it.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 25, 2017, an employee was working in a suspended ceiling grid installing fire sprinkler piping.  The employee came into contact with liv e electrical wiring.  The employee was pulled of ladder by his Foreman and both fell to the floor.  The employee injured his shoulder on impact with concrete fl oor.
caught_fatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on November 10, 2010 Employee #1 was working alone from an aerial lift, Make JLG, Model 450AJ Series II, at a height of approximately 15 feet above the ground. His assignment was to paint the exterior awning of a commercial building. Witness #1 exited the building and noticed Employee #1 in the aerial lift, but Employee #1 was not moving and appeared to be slumped over the aerial lift controls and caught between the aerial lift rails and the steel awning structure of the building. Witness #1 went back into the building to summon help for Employee #1. Witness #2 was inside the building and heard that Employee #1 was outside the building in the aerial lift, and that he needed help. Witness #2 proceeded outside to investigate and attempted to communicate with Employee #1 in the aerial lift. Witness #2 climbed the boom of the aerial lift and attempted to move the basket of the aerial lift by manually pushing and pulling the basket of the aerial lift so it would dislodge Employee #1 from between the building and the aerial lift basket rails. Witness #2 stated Employee #1 was pinned by the neck between the aerial lift basket rail located above the control panel and the steel poles that formed the awning structure on the exterior of the building. Witness #2 was able to free Employee #1 from between the building structure and the basket rail of the aerial lift. Employee #1 was wearing a fall protection body harness and a portion of the harness was wrapped around the move/steer joystick lever of the aerial lift and the lever was stuck in the down position. Witness #2 dislodged the fall protection harness from the joystick lever and was able to dislodge Employee #1 from between the structure of the building and the aerial lift basket rail so CPR could be administered. Witness #2 stated he attempted to move the different control levers on the aerial lift but the lift was not running and the movement of the control levers did not activate the aerial lift. Witness #3, a construction worker from across the street, came over to the job site after hearing that Employee #1 was pinned by the aerial lift. Witness #3 went to the aerial lift and started the unit from the ground position. Witness #3 was able to lower the aerial lift basket to the ground where Employee #1 was then removed from the basket of the aerial lift and attended to by rescue personnel. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby hospital and pronounced dead. The autopsy report stated the cause of death was asphyxiation by mechanical compression of the neck and chest. The cause of the accident was determined to be operator error.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 15, 2021, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by a c ompany in the solar energy field, were preparing to install new solar panels on the roof of a single-story residence.  Employee #1, the crew leader, was directi ng the work and marking studs when he stepped back onto a canvas tarp that was h ung in the corner where the main house and an addition connected at 90 degrees. The tarp was hung to provide shade to an air conditioning unit that was on the ground immediately below the tarp.  Employee #1 fell through the tarp and struc k the air conditioner before impacting the ground.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to the collarbone and ri bs.  During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that the crew had no t performed an initial hazard assessment and had not used fall protection.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 20, 2019, Employee #1, Coworker #1, and fellow crew member s were engaged in renovation work at a multifamily residential building.  They w ere installing beams that measured 40 feet by 5.25 inches by 14 inches to the bu ilding's patio decks.  Coworker #1 was operating a Kubota SVL 75-2 Loader with a fork lift attachment to lift and place a beam on top of a post with caps.  The beam became stuck.  Employee #1 attempted to free the beam, and it fell, strikin g Employee #1's right leg.  The employee was transported to the hospital and adm itted for treatment of a lower leg fracture.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on July 12, 2018, an employee was rigging trusses onto a vehicle m ounted crane to be lifted onto a residential structure under construction. After approximately 11-12 trusses were lifted onto the roof, the crane operator moved the load line to a new stack of trusses that were located near an overhead powe r line. The crane operator dropped the load line into the center of the trusses, inadvertently contacting the crane's boom with the power line. As the crane con tacted the power line, the employee grabbed hold of the load line and was electr ocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 27, 2006, Employee #1 was setting up a 40 ft aluminum extension ladder to access a roof. He lost control of the ladder and it struck a high-voltage overhead power line. Employee #1 suffered a serious electrical burn, for which he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On November 23, 2013, Employee #1, an electrical power line installer employed by Highline Construction, was installing new electrical transmission lines. He finished hooking up a set of new, not-yet-energized power wires. He then had to hook up a jumper wire to the new wires. He made contact with one of the new wires that was lying on the ground and another wire from down the road. The latter wire was energized and transmitting 7,200 volts of electricity. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At approximately 6:15 a.m. on September 21, 2015, after picking six steel column s and placing them at his workstation, an employee was stowing the double chain sling on the master link hooked to the hoist above his workstation. One of the c hain slings he had not stowed yet, the one furthest from him, had to be hooked u p to the master link above. For reasons not known, the employee allegedly raised the chain and hook furthest from him using his remote control to the hoist and the hook caught the bottom flange of the I-beam and as the hook continued to be raised it tilted the column and the top two columns on the pile fell off the tab le striking the employee. The employee suffered from blunt trauma to the head, c hest and pelvis and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 17, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were at a commercial building and prepping an exterio r masonry wall for painting.  They were standing on a make-shift elevated platfo rm and using hand and power tools.  As they moved about the platform, the platfo rm unexpectedly shifted, causing the three workers to fall onto one another.  Em ergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for fractures of the wrist and ankle.
caught_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on August 11, 2100, Employee #1 was assisting others to determine w hy a rock drilling machine would not work. While doing so, the 30 foot long by 5 -1/2 inch diameter drill bit began rotating uexpectedly entangling the employee. An emergency stop mechanism was not immediately available.   The employee rece ived multiple fractures and internal injuries due to mechanical trauma and was k illed.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 25, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a demolition and co ncrete contractor, was working at the site of a one-story plus basement multifam ily apartment building that was being demolished.  The employee was collecting l umber and trash to throw into an approximately 12-foot deep excavation where the concrete foundation and basement walls had been removed, exposing bare earth wa lls.  The employee was working from a concrete and metal stairway.  The stairway 's support legs had been undermined at the edge of the excavation when a concret e wall had been removed.  The stairway collapsed into the excavation, and the em ployee fell, a fall height of 10 feet, and struck his head and back on concrete debris at the bottom of the excavation.  Emergency services transported the empl oyee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple injuries in cluding a traumatic head injury and a severed spine.   Employee #1 died at the h ospital on November 28, 2020.
fall_fatal	At 8:22 a.m. on September 3, 2020, an employee and coworker were using an aerial lift (JLG) to access a roof to clean debris and repair holes. At some point, th e employee left the lift basket to walk towards the center of the roof. While wa lking, the roof collapsed under the employee who fell approximately twenty-five feet. The employee was killed by unspecified injuries.
struck_fatal	At 10:11 a.m. on May 29, 2018, an employee was working as a tow truck operator f or a firm that engaged in towing motor vehicles, or vehicle recovery. The employ ee responded to a call that involved a school bus with dual rear tires and one o f the tires had a flat on the passenger side. The employee positioned his tow tr uck, or wrecker, in front of the bus. He was lying on the ground just in front o f the bus trying to see what equipment he would need to pick up and tow the bus. A 2008 Ford Explorer struck the back of the bus at an extreme speed. It pushed the bus over the employee and into the back of the wrecker. The employee was cru shed by the bus. Its spring shackle bolts penetrated his back, killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:15 a.m. on July 10, 2018, Employee #1 was working from an aerial lift truck and installing the cross arms on a utility pole.  He came into contact with ind uced voltage from power lines located 180 feet away and sustained electric shock .  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was adm itted and treated for heart complications, kidney and liver failure, and burns. Employee #1 was hospitalized for 11 days.
struck_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on November 18, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction excav ation company, was working on a pipeline installation project.  He was in a tren ch and tightening bolts on an end cap.  A section of the trench sidewall collaps ed and struck the employee, causing him to fall and strike his head on a plumbin g valve.  The employee sustained blunt force traumatic injury to his head and wa s killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on January 9, 2014, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, of R3 Contractors, Inc., were working along a road, engaged in installing a 10-inch pipe. Employee #1 was attempting to install an elbow onto the pipe. Coworker #1 was assisting by operating a backhoe and using the backhoe bucket to push the elbow and pipe together. The backhoe bucket shifted inadvertently, and Employee #1's left index finger was caught between the side of the bucket and the fitting. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Little Company of Mary Hospital, where he was admitted and treated for an amputated finger. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by a company representative at 3:35 p.m. on January 9, 2014. During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that the employer was a construction company involved in underground utilities work.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 20, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an ele ctrical contractor, were performing utility work.  Employee #1, who was wearing leather gloves, was holding one end of a guy wire, and Coworker #1 was cutting t he wire with a large wire cutter.  The guy wire was not properly grounded from i nductive energy from two overhead power wires carrying 230 KV of electrical ener gy.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.  The subsequent investigation reported what a ppeared to have been thermal burns to Employee #1's left hand, left forearm, and lower extremities.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 6, 2014, Employee #1, #2 and #3 were moving a 19 foot 10 inch rolling scaffold from one location to a second location on a building site. The top of the scaffold made contact with an overhead 7200 volt power line that was in their path.  The scaffolding became energized by the high voltage power line, killing all three men.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 22, 2017, Employee #1 was making a width reduction cut on a wooden door threshold. The employee was using an unguarded table saw with a te n-inch blade. Employee #1's left hand struck the blade of the saw, and he sustai ned lacerations to his hand as well as amputation of his left index finger and t ips of middle and ring finger.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an air conditioning an d heating contractor, was working at a building job site.  He was getting a temp erature reading of the building's HVAC system.  He removed the temperature gauge from the suction line, which involved removing the electrical tape.  In so doin g, he sustained a cut to his left hand middle finger when it came into contact w ith the outer part of the HVAC unit.  Initially, Employee #1 considered the cut minor.  However, two weeks later he required treatment when the cut became infec ted.  He received hospital treatment for a bacterial infection and finger cellul itis.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 10, 2020, an employee was acting as hose man on a cem ent truck (Putzmeister) to pour concrete for a new bridge. At some point, contac t was made with a nearby 13.2-kilovolt power line and the employee received an e lectrical shock. The employee was killed by electrocution.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:10 a.m. on April 3, 2019, an employee attempted to remove a concrete form work from an elevated position. The employee fell and was hospitalized to treat unspecified injuries.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 18, 2021, an employee transported a load of scrap in a personal trailer to be disposed of. While attempting to open the trailer door, the employee lost balance and fell backward receiving a contusion to the lower b ack and hip area. The employee then later went to the hospital for treatment for pain. The employee then went home and later that night died for unknown reasons .
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on July 8, 2019, an employee was moving a pipe. The e mployee moved the pipe back on a powered industrial vehicle (PIV) that shifted. The employee caught his finger under the pipe and pulled it out leading to an am putation.  The employee was treated but was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 29, 2018, an employee was being lifted to the top of a cement soli with a crane and man-basket.  The employee was sitting on the guardr ail with his feet on the middle rail before losing his balance and falling to th e concrete ground.  The employee struck his head on the ground and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 3, 2018, an employee was working for a firm that paved str eets and highways. He was loading an asphalt paver onto a trailer for transport. As he was positioning the asphalt paver on the truck, the paver fell off of the trailer. It landed on the employee. He was crushed and killed by the asphalt pa ver.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 17, 2017, an employee was replacing an expansion joint inside a permit-required confined space. The employee fell from a sloped surface into the moving/rotating preheater basket. The employee was struck by the rotat ing horizontal fan and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 1, 2018, two employees were working on the top of a bu ilding unloading roofing material from a conveyor and stacking them on the ridge of the roof. Two anchors were installed on the roof and both employees were wea ring harnesses with non-retractable five foot lanyards.  The building was built on a slope, so the front of the house had two stories which were approximately 2 0 feet in height at the eave. The rear height was approximately 30 feet at the e aves. One employee had placed their last bundle, untied their harness, and proce eded across the roof to descend from the roof. The employee slipped in route and fell approximately 30 feet to the ground bellow. The fall resulted in a cervica l spine fracture, lacerated spleen, head and, neck, and the employee was admitte d to a hospital for 2 days.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on April 16, 2007, Employee #1 was changing the electrical service for a tenant in a high rise office building in Los Angeles, CA. The work involved use of a "retail switch gear," which is used in establishments where tenants move in and out frequently. It is designed with empty "pull boxes," or cabinets that allow wire to be pulled from other areas of the building without having to turn off the power to other tenants. At the time of the accident, Employee #1 was pulling 600 ACM wire from a 4 in. conduit located in the floor of the pull box. The rear wall of the pull box was constructed of aluminum and bolted to the sides of the cabinet. On the other side of the aluminum back was another cabinet containing live 480 volt, 5000 amp service. As Employee #1 pulled up the stiff 3/4 in. thick MCM cable, he bent it into a curve and it pushed into the back of the cabinet. This caused the aluminum back panel to flex into a live buss on the other side in the cabinet behind it, resulting in an arc blast. Employee #1 sustained deep second-degree burns to his left forearm.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 2, 2017, an employee was working at a jobsite located i n an alley between commercial properties in La Jolla.  The employer is a refuse collection contractor who contracts with commercial and residential properties i n San Diego to collect trash and recyclables and delivers them to a collection o r waste facility. On the day of the accident, the employee was assigned to Truck #208, an AMREP front loader, 40-yard waste hauler, to perform trash collections along his normal route.  The employee was replacing a 3 yard refuse bin he'd ju st emptied into his collection truck when the unattended vehicle started to roll forward. The employee was fatally injured when his body was crushed between the driver's side front quarter of the truck and a wall. The weight of the trash tr uck (empty) is over 15,000 lbs.   The contributing factors to the accident were a failure to secure the vehicle before exiting the truck, and attempting to clim b onto a moving vehicle. The employee was found unresponsive and apneic. He was transported to the Hospital while CPR was attempted, and other life saving meas ures, but was pronounced deceased at 11:33 AM. The employee cause of death was m echanical asphyxiation and blunt force trauma to the torso.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on September 10, 2021, an employee worked to evaluate roof penetrat ions for exhaust vents to determine course of action to replace wood with metal. At some point, the employee fell approximately twenty feet through a three-foot by ten-foot skylight and was killed by blunt force trauma injuries.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 30, 2018, an employee was setting bricks while working fro m a scaffold system. During work, the employee became unconscious and fell from the scaffold. He struck the concrete surface below and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 10:15 a.m. on April 27, 2017, an employee was opening the box d oor of a roll off.    A thousand pound bale of trash fell out of the roll off an d onto the employee, resulting in broken legs, and the loss of a kidney.  The em ployee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was operating a dump truck on a roadway approximately one-half mile from a jobs ite.  Employee #1 jumped from the truck.  He was propelled approximately 20 feet into the air, and then he fell and struck his head on the paved roadway.  Emplo yee #1 was killed.  The subsequent investigation report listed a possible crania l fracture and laceration to the skull.
caught_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on June 6, 2013, an employee was aligning a mobile concrete surface grinder.  The employee was crushed and killed under the grinder.  No further de tails were provided by the initial report.
fall_fatal	Employee #1 was installing metal trim along a rake edge of a steep pitched roof. Three coworkers were on the opposite side of the roof that had a lower pitch, a lso installing metal trim. Employee #1 fell approximately 15 feet from the ungua rded steep pitched roof to the lower deck area, striking vertical wood framing m embers that were placed on 16 inch centers. Employee #1was taken to a nearby hos pital, where he later died from his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on February 4, 2022, an employee, a forklift operator,  went down i nto the tunnel to pick up lemons that had fallen under the conveyor.  The employ ee picked up 2 lemons on the lower conveyor belt, as he picked up the third lemo n the belt started to move, catching his sleeve and pulling his right arm into t he conveyor. The employee pulled the emergency stop switch and pulled his arm ou t of the conveyor. The employee was hospitalized to treat a compartment syndrome injury to his right arm.
electrocution_fatal	On April 27, 2006, Employee #1, a helper with a small home remodeling company, was replacing exterior light bulbs at a diner. His ladder was placed against the front facade of the landing between the diner and a neighboring business. Located nearby was a bundle of electrical cables that powered the lights and possibly the HVAC. Employee #1 climbed to the top of the ladder. He was followed by a coworker. Another coworker and an employee of the diner were holding the bottom of the ladder. At the time of the accident, Employee #1 threw himself onto the landing, intending to pull himself onto the roof, but suddenly was seized by tremors apparently caused by contact with an electrically charged cable. He was eventually freed from the current. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, where he later died.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 28, 2018, an employee was installing trusses when he fell 1 3 feet and suffered a fractured skull and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 p.m. on June 28, 2018, an employee was disconnecting a universal joint o n a drive shaft of a 36 foot gasoline powered motor home. After removing two bol ts, the shaft sheared off the remaining two bolts that were holding it in place. The employee was struck in the head by the falling shaft, sustaining injuries t o his face, head, and eyes. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On August 10, 2006, Employee #1 was using a truck-mounted auger to install a road sign. While Employee #1 was at the auger controls, the auger boom contacted overhead electrical distribution lines. Employee #1 received an electrical shock and was killed at the scene.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 12, 2018, some employees were inspecting a construction site to determine what work remained. During their assessment, a passing vehicle struck and killed one of the employees.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on January 2, 2014, Employee #1, a roofer employed by San Francisco A-1 Roofing & Maintenance Co., Inc., was engaged in roofing work at a two-story house. He climbed up an extension ladder to the roof. He then stood on a roof jack scaffold that had been installed on the roof. The roof jack came loose, and Employee #1 fell to the ground, along with the roof jack and other roofing material. The fall height was approximately 16 feet from the roof eave to the ground. Emergency services were called, and the San Francisco Fire Department responded. Employee #1 was transported to San Francisco General Hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractured hips. He remained hospitalized for eight days. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by the San Francisco Fire Department on January 2, 2014, and by the employer on January 3, 2014. The subsequent investigation established that Employee #1's foreman and multiple coworkers witnessed the fall. The foreman and these coworkers were interviewed. Employee #1, who was Spanish-speaking, was interviewed by a Cal/OSHA district manager who was fluent in Spanish. The employer was cited a serious violation of T8 CCR '1670(a), which requires employees to wear fall protection when sloped roof surfaces are steeper than 7:12. The slope where Employee #1 fell was steeper than 7:12. The Cal/OSHA roofing standards did not apply because the fall height was less than the minimum 20 feet from the eave to the ground specified in the standards. The employer was cited a violation of T8 CCR '342(a) for failing to report the serious employee injury within 8 hours of the incident. Other violations were documented during the investigation, and the employer was cited accordingly.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on July 25, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in steel erection at the construction site for a commercial building .  He was connecting a steel beam and attempting to adjust it, using a pry bar t o install the bolts.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell from the beam to the concrete surface, a fall height of approximately 19 feet.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for lacerations to his face, nose, and elbow.
caught_fatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on October 1, 2014, Employee #1 was using a hose atta ched to a sump/muck pump to suction mud and water from the floor of an 11 to 13 foot deep unprotected trench in the rear yard of the home.  Employee #2, a forem an was working in front of the residential home. While working at the floor of a n unprotected trench which was approximately 45 feet long by 4 feet wide by 11 t o 12 feet deep, the West wall of the trench collapsed burying Employee #1. The f oreman was alerted by another worker of an emergency.  The Foreman, responding t o worker calls for help, accessed the trench and a secondary collapse of the Wes t wall buried the foreman. Both the Employee #1 and Employee #2 suffered from me chanical asphyxia as a result of dirt collapsing on top of them and were killed.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on August 23, 2021, an employee operated a dump truck and dumped a load of dirt behind a residential construction project. The employee exited the dump truck to stand at the rear of the dump truck's driver side corner. A skid steer operator backed the skid steer while leveling the unloaded dirt, struck an d caught the employee between the dump truck and skid steer. The employee was cr ushed and killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:28 a.m. on August 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, wa s working at a two-story multifamily residential building.  As he retrieved mate rial from the roof, he slipped on the roof's surface and fell to the concrete su rface below, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractu res of the foot and leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 8, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction company in the water and wastewater services industry, was delivering sand and gravel t o the second floor of a building.  The sand and gravel were in a bag mounted on a forklift.  The bag broke, and Employee #1 tripped and fell through a second fl oor wall opening to the pavement.  Emergency services were called, and the emplo yee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fra ctured wrist.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a communications inf rastructure company, was working from a power pole and stringing new electrical power lines.  He was using a non-powered roller to help spool out the line.  Emp loyee #1's left pinky finger became caught between the roller and the new line. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where it was determined that the c rushed fingertip required amputation.  The surgery was performed, and Employee # 1 was released.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:07 p.m. on December 31, 2017, an employee was wrapping pallets when he was struck by an industrial truck. The employee sustained back injuries, several bro ken ribs, and a head injury, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on December 20, 2012, Employee #1, with County of San Diego- Dpw, was unloading dirt and sand on the road side. Employee #1 observed a stone stuck in between the hatch door and the trailer bed. While trying to pull out the stone, Employee #1 placed his right hand at the door latch mechanism. Suddenly, the door latch pinched his finger, crushing it at the top of his finger. Employee #1 was taken to the hospital, where his right index finger had to be amputated up to the first phalange.
caught_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 30, 2015, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1, #2, #3, and #4, all employed by a steel construction company, and Coworker #5, employed by a dif ferent contractor, were working at a 26-story multifamily residential building p roject. Coworker #5, a crane technician, was directing the crane assembly and di sassembly operations.  Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 through #4 had completed the erection of a tower crane and were lowering the climbing unit. They were monito ring the unit's descent when Employee #1 became caught between the climbing unit and the frame of the tower crane.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  Upon arrival, he was pronounced dead. The report indicated there were no witnesses to this fatal event. Employee #1 died a s a result of crushing injuries to multiple parts of his body.
caught_nonfatal	On August 20, 2012, an employee was working as the operator of a backhoe for a firm that constructed highways and streets. He climbed down from an idling Caterpillar backhoe to complete a task on the ground. When he returned to the backhoe, the operator approached the backhoe from the back He positioned himself between the backhoe's boom and the outrigger, so that he could put a gas-powered saw on the floor of the cab. As he set the saw down, it came in contact with a pedal, activating the boom. As the boom swung to the side, the employee became pinned between the outrigger and the boom. The employee was able to lift the saw off the pedal and lift it up to swing the boom back away, but not before sustaining multiple fractures. The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 10, 2018, an employee was gluing and securing EPDM rubbe r sheathing on the roof. The employee stepped into an unguarded hole in the roof and fell approximately 22 feet and struck a 2 x 6, a metal pipe, and a metal st orage rack before landing on the concrete floor.  The employee suffered multiple injuries to include a fractured femur and spine along with massive head trauma. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:10 a.m. on July 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a waterproofing company , was working at a one-story commercial building.  He was working from a 10-foot stepladder that was in the closed position and leaning against an exterior wall .  After caulking a joint, the employee began to descend the stepladder.  The st epladder, which had been set on uneven ground, slipped.  Employee #1 fell, a fal l height of 7 feet.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatme nt, including surgery for a fractured lower leg and ankle.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:15 a.m. on June 7, 2013, Employee #1, with World Kitchen LLC, was participating in an initial hands-on training session on how to operate a Crown Electric Pallet Rider (Model Number: PE4500-60; Serial Number: 6A301326). When Employee #1 attempted to stop, the pallet rider unit jerked. This caused Employee #1's lower left leg, above the ankle, to be caught between a wooden pallet, carried by an electric pallet jack, and the metal guard of a merchandise rack. Employee #1 was hospitalized for approximately three days for fractures to her lower left leg.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:43 p.m. on November 24, 2021, an employee worked on the roof of a detached garage to install a translucent panel. The employee was observed going limp and becoming unresponsive, then falling approximately fifteen feet. It was determin ed that the employee made accidental contact with an overhead power line and fel l.  The employee was killed due to electrical shock and blunt force trauma.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 26, 2019, an employee and coworker were standing on a ro of unloading plywood sheets from a forklift onto two platform jacks. At some poi nt, the platform jacks failed and caused the plywood sheet to fall. One of the s heets struck the employee on the leg and caused the employee to lose his balance and fall approximately eleven feet off the roof. The employee was hospitalized for surgery to install rods and screws to repair a hip fracture.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on October 8, 2013, Employee #1 was trimming overhead limbs. The em ployee was using a  Stihl pole pruner while standing on a folded aluminum ladder that was leaning against the tree. Employee #1 lost his balance and fell backwa rds. The Stihl pole pruner made contact with two overhead 7,620 volt electric po wer lines, resulting in his electrocution.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on March 21, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a const ruction company, were engaged in demolition work on the parking level of a four- story building.  They were walking and discussing installation of plywood protec tion board to prevent debris from exiting the parking structure during the demol ition.  Employee #1 stopped to pick up an unmarked sheet of 4 feet by 8 feet ply wood for use as protection board, not realizing the board was covering a 3 feet by 7 feet floor hole.  Employee #1 fell through the hole, a fall height of appro ximately 10 feet, and struck the concrete surface.  He was transported to the ho spital, admitted, and treated for head, back, and leg injuries.  Employee #1 die d from his injuries on April 2, 2020.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 29, 2018, an employee was removing some asbestos contai ning flashing on a roof surface 30 feet above the ground.  As he removed the fla shing, the employee fell through an unguarded skylight and fractured his skull a gainst the concrete flooring.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 13, 2016, an employee was installing vinyl siding on re sidential home.  The employee fell 15 to 20 feet off a scaffold and was killed. The employee was not wearing a harness.
fall_fatal	At 5:53 p.m. on June 13, 2014, an employee assisting a welder falls through an u nguarded sky light and is killed from a fractured skull injury.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 1, 2016, Employee #1 was working from a ladder to install a fabricated header. The header was held in place by a 6 inch by 6 inch wooden post that was stabilized through the use of a floor jack.  As Employee #1 was on the ladder, the post came loose, striking the ladder.  Employee #1 fell from th e ladder, striking his neck against a 10 inch piece of wood. The wood piece punc tured his carotid artery and Employee #1 died.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 p.m. on January 30, 2019, an employee fell from a truck and struck the c oncrete ground with his head.  The employee suffered a subdermal hematoma and he morrhaged from his head and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on June 3, 2015, Employee #1 was assisting in the in stallation of sheet-metal flashing along a roof drip edge.  He was on a ladder, either accessing a pick, ladder-Jack, or descending from the pick, and fell 16 f eet.  He struck his legs on a chain link fence and struck the ground on his back and died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 11, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical service s company, was working at a police station that had recently been flooded. As Em ployee #1 was replacing electrical wires, he sustained an electric shock and bur ns to his left hand. Emergency services were called and, upon arrival, Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for his injuries .
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 31, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a pipelin e construction company, were engaged in pipeline installation work for a sewer/w ater treatment plant.  Employee #1 was inside a 3-foot to 4-foot trench and guid ing a 30-inch reinforced concrete pipe from the west end.  His coworker was oper ating a Case cx80c trackhoe with a 12-foot nylon lifting strap attached to the e quipment's boom.   The boom of the trackhoe lost power, and the arm swung west 3 feet, pinning Employee #1 between the trench wall and the pipe.  Employee #1 wa s transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a lacerated liver an d internal bleeding.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 28, 2017, an employee was working about 13 feet up a cel l tower in a spider basket taking steel off of the tower for the new reinforceme nt when he took it upon himself to hang from the outside of the basket to try an d check a power cord for the basket that was not working properly. Because the e mployee was not tied off to the "D" ring, he fell and had nothing attached to ad equately keep him from falling to the ground, resulting in fractures to the lowe r back.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 p.m. on June 4, 2019, an employee was operating a yard dog moving traile rs in a yard. The employee did not set the brakes and got out of the vehicle to see why dock locks were not attaching when the truck moved backward pinning the employee between the trailer and the dock. The employee crushed his pelvis and w as hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 3:15 p.m. on September 19, 2013, Employee #1, employed as a roofing helper by a residential and commercial roofing contractor, was working at a residential building construction site. It was the end of Employee #1's shift. He was ascending a scaffold ladder while holding two sheets of roofing paper in his right hand, intending to patch a corner in the roof. As he neared the top of the scaffold, his foot slipped. With only one hand holding onto the ladder, he was unable to maintain an adequate hold, and he fell to the dirt ground below. He fell approximately 20 feet. Emergency services were called, and the Carpinteria-Summerland Fire Department responded. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fractures to his vertebrae and hip. The Carpinteria-Summerland Fire Department reported this incident to Cal/OSHA at 4:10 p.m. on September 19, 2013. Cal/OSHA initiated its site investigation on October 4, 2013. The investigation determined there were no witnesses to Employee #1's fall. His supervisor was on site but not in the area at the time of the incident.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 4:30 p.m. on September 28, 2011, Employee #1, a welder, went between his electric Lincoln Electric Power MIG 255XT welder and the metal building to close the overhead door at the end of his shift. He was electrocuted, and the Fresno Fire Department and the Fresno County Coroner's Office responded at the scene. Electrical burn markings on the physical accouterments that would be expected were not revealed during the investigation.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on September 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servi ces company, was working at a multiemployer construction renovation worksite. He was working from a ladder and running electric wires, when he fell.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was ad mitted and treated for a head injury.
caught_fatal	At 8:15 p.m. on July 15, 2013, an employee was clearing a jam within the line ma chinery that is comprised of three sections, the extruder, the extractor, and th e winder area.  The employee entered the winder area to correct a bad roll trans fer and became entangled in the spindle on the winder.  The employee received cr ushing injuries to the head, neck, and torso and was killed
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on January 22, 2019, an employee was making a night delivery when h e fell on ice as he was walking up the stairs. The employee struck his head incu rring serious head injuries and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 19, 2021, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in con struction activity for a sewer/water treatment plant.  The coworker was operatin g a directional drilling/boring machine, and Employee #1 was assisting.  Employe e #1 attempted to retrieve a displaced rod while the machine was operating.  His foot/ankle became caught in the equipment when the rod retrieving arm activated .  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of con tusions to the left ankle and damage to muscles and nerves.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 29, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny at a multiemployer construction site, was working from a 6-foot scaffold and filling masonry blocks with mortar.  Upon completing his work, Employee #1 proce eded to exit the scaffold while holding a bucket and possibly a trowel.  He fell to the concrete floor.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration to his h ead and a sprained shoulder.  The subsequent investigation identified two explan ations for the fall.  A witness stated that the worker was trying to descend fro m the scaffold, missed a step, and fell.  The employer stated that his own inves tigation determined that the worker jumped from one scaffold to another, lost hi s footing, and fell.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:15 p.m. on March 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing company, was working at a new residential construction site.  He was operating a JLG/Gradall material handler and loading a truss package onto a top plate.  Nyl on banding he had wrapped around his left hand became caught by one of the lift' s tires, and he sustained a hand avulsion.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the hand injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in exterior carpentry at a multiemployer construction project, a r esidential building.  He was descending from a carpenter bracket scaffold when t he scaffold shifted, the ladder moved, and he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transpor ted to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured right leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on September 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construc tion company, was engaged in forming work at the construction site for a one-sto ry residential structure.  He was spraying a form with form oil when the hose be came wrapped around his foot.  Employee #1 lost balance and, as he  reached acro ss the form rack to regain balance, his fingers became pinched/caught in the for m rack.  Employee #1 began to fall, a fall height of approximately 5 feet.  As h e fell, a rack hook caught his bicep and ripped it open to the forearm.  Emergen cy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He wa s admitted and treated for a laceration to his left arm with severed nerves in t he bicep down to the forearm.  During the subsequent investigation, it was deter mined that this injury occurred during Employee #1's third day working for the e mployer.  This was Employee #1's first time performing this procedure.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 2, 2018, an employee was to work on installing copper fla shing on a new window. The employee exited a man-lift basket and onto a field mo dified basket that was attached. The wooden modification broke and the employee fell twenty feet. The employee was hospitalized with fractures to both wrists, r ight pinky, skull with a hematoma and his right thigh muscle was separated from the bone.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:45 p.m. on June 27, 2017, Employee #1 was using a portable ja ckhammer to chip around pins in the concrete steps. As the employee was chipping the concrete in the area around a pin, the stairway system shifted and collapse d. The employee fell a distance of approximately 15 ft onto a concrete floor. Se ctions of the precast stairs then fell on his legs. Employee #1 sustained a righ t leg fracture from the knee down, abrasions on his right thigh, chipped front t eeth and neck pain. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he re ceived treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On August 10, 2004, Employee #1 was changing ballast on an overhead fluorescent light. The power was not turned off and not locked out. He went to reconnect the wires to the new ballast, and he contacted the hot wire on the web of the right hand between the thumb and index finger and was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	On September 30, 2010, Employee #1 was assisting coworkers to disassemble the web boom of a link belt crane, which was used to drive foundation pilings for the construction of a residential building. As a coworker removed the pins that held the second and third boom sections together, the boom hinged on two remaining pins and caught Employee #1 between the ground and the end of the boom section. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby medical facility, where he was hospitalized and treated for a fractured back.
caught_fatal	"At approximately 1:30 p.m. on October 30, 2014, an employee was offloading a set of concrete forms from the bed of a transport truck.	 The employee had lifted t he set of concrete forms with the articulating crane that was located on the rea r of the transport truck.  While the employee was maneuvering the concrete forms off of the truck bed, the concrete forms struck the employee in the chest area. The forms had pinned the employee up against the base of the articulating cran e.  The employees back was against the base of the crane and the concrete forms had pinned him from the front in his chest area.  The employee sustained multipl e broken ribs and was killed.  The autopsy report indicated that the employee di ed from a lack of oxygen."
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 1, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a heavy construction company, was taking measurements in preparation for installing an elevator gate at a construction site.  His head was in the elevator shaft when an elevator des cended and struck his face.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for extensive face an d nose lacerations that required 57 stitches.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 p.m. on February 27, 2017, an employee was walking in a parking lot to l ocate an empty trailer when he was struck by a truck. The employee was pinned be tween the truck and a trailer, sustaining fractures to his chest and face. He wa s hospitalized and received treatment for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on April 13, 2018, Employee #1 was using a ladder to install metal siding. He fell off of the ladder and struck his head against the concrete floor . Employee #1 was killed in the fall.
fall_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on May 10, 2017, an employee was unloading a feed truck at a hog lo t while standing on a ladder.   The employee fell and hit the left side of their head on the back end of the trailer, killing the employee.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:11 a.m. on November 10, 2021, an employee was on an extension ladder remov ing the metal liner from a chimney. The chimney liner caught the employee's shir t and pulled him off of the ladder. He fell to the concrete sidewalk and broke h is ankle, shattered his right heel, and possibly fractured his back. The employe e was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:44 p.m. on August 30, 2018, an employee opened the 480 volt 3 phase diesel powered generator's output terminal panel door and lifted the output terminal co ver.  The employee's hand touched energized parts and received a shock through h is left hand between the thumb and index finger, and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 p.m. on December 12, 2020, Employee #1 was taking inventory of palletize d boxes at the metal storage racks near Freezer #1. A Turret Truck was being ope rated in Freezer #1. The storage racks were not equipped with impact protection at the end of the aisles adjacent to the racking. The Turret Truck struck the up right of the racking, causing the racking to collapse and the pallets and boxes to fall, crushing Employee #1 and killing him. Employee #2 was also injured due to the collapse and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:15 a.m. on April 25, 2013, Employee #1, #2, and #3 were preparing for a scheduled test of a motor controller (MC) starter system in the control building of a water supply deep well and reservoir facility. The MC was a Series 81000 motor controller manufactured by Siemens Industry Inc. that would serve a 600 hp submersible pump, operating on 3-phase, 4,160 volt electric power. The pump was to be installed in the well at the site. Employee #1 was a senior engineer working for the Siemens. He was the primary designer of the Series 81000 and had 20 years of experience with similar equipment. Employee #2 was a design engineer for Phasetronics LLC, which manufactured a motor starter that was incorporated in the Siemens motor controller starter system. Employee #3 was the sole proprietor of Scada & Control Systems LLC, which had purchased and provided the electronic and control systems equipment for the deep well and reservoir facility. Employee #1 and #2 arrived at the facility with Employee #3 earlier in the week to troubleshoot and repair the MC starter system, which had failed during initial testing in August 2012. The MC system was in a metal cabinet in one of two banks of cabinets that faced each other 6.58 ft apart inside the control building. The door of the MC cabinet was approximately 90 in. high and 36 in. wide. The interior of the cabinet was divided into three physically separate compartments from top to bottom with the 120 volt MC system control panel in the middle compartment. The bottom compartment contained various wiring, leads for the three phases of the pump motor and a movable carriage that held contactors, fuses and other circuit parts for the pump motor and the MC control panel. The carriage was 18 in. wide. It fit on a track on the right side of the bottom compartment and occupied slightly over half of the compartment's 35 in. interior width. It was racked (moved forward or back) by a lever next to the cabinet door on the lower right side. At its rearmost position, the contactors engaged the main busbar and energized the system at 4,160 volts. This was stepped down to 120 volts for the control panel. An interlock inside the cabinet was designed to accept a tab on the cabinet door so that the lever could not be moved to rack the contactors if the door were open. With the carriage removed from the cabinet and the system de-energized, Employee #1 installed a monitoring instrument behind the control panel and attached a cable from it to one of the motor leads at the left rear of the bottom section. He and Employee #3 then placed the contactor carriage back on its track. Employee #1 knelt on the concrete floor in front of the open cabinet and used a screwdriver to defeat the interlock. He told Employee #3 to slowly raise the lever to rack the contactor (which would engage the busbar) while he watched to see that the carriage did not pinch the instrument cable. Employee #2 stood a few feet away by the opposite bank of cabinets preparing a laptop computer to monitor the system test. None of them was wearing any form of electrical protective equipment, such as insulated gloves or gauntlets, face shield, or flame resistant clothing. After the contactor was racked, which energized the exposed parts on the carriage at 4,160 volts, Employee #1 said the cable "looked okay." As Employee #2 and #3 turned away, Employee #1 reached with his left arm into the cabinet and his forearm contacted one of the energized parts on the carriage. Employee #3 saw Employee #1's body shaking and tried to pull him away from the cabinet while he threw the lever to rack out the contactor. In the process, he received an electric shock. Employee #2 was also shocked when his left arm touched the open cabinet door as he also tried to pull Employee #1 away. Employee #2 threw the main breaker for the building, which was roughly 12 ft to the left of the MC cabinet. He and Employee #3 pulled Employee #1 out of the cabinet and onto hi
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s engaged in re-roofing work at a single family home.  He was on the roof, which had a 10 to 12 pitch, and installing new shingles.  Employee #1 removed his fal l protection safety lanyard.  He fell from the roof, through a screened pool enc losure, and to the surface below, a fall height of 12 feet 3 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for leg and back injuries.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 15, 2022, an employee was walking around the mini excavato r to retrieve an item from the back of a truck.  As the excavator reversed, the employee was struck, knocked to the ground, and driven onto.  The excavator ran over the left leg, groin and then stomach. His coworker, the excavator operator, was directed to move the vehicle off the employee and pulled forward.  The empl oyee later died due to internal injuries and an infection.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on April 13, 2004, Employee #1, a supervisor for an electrical contractor, was part of a group of workers at a former manufacturing plant that was being converted to a scrap yard by its new owner. Employee #1 and an electrician coworker shut off the 600-amp main breaker, catalog no. QSF 6053T/S2983A17, of a Sylvania electrical panel fed by a 120/240/208 Delta high leg so they could decide whether to modernize or replace the panel. Employee #1 then tried to remove a branch circuit breaker. He was using a screwdriver as a wedge to break the contact clips on the back of the circuit breaker from the busbars when an electrical arc occurred. Employee #1 sustained second-degree burns over 6 percent of his skin surface area that included portions of his head, neck, upper arms, and shoulders. At the time of the accident, he was wearing safety glasses and a short sleeve uniform, but no gloves or hard hat. The screwdriver apparently contacted a busbar behind the breaker, which was energized because one or more poles apparently did not pull free from their contact clips when the breaker was shut off.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:32 a.m. on August 21, 2012, an employee was working at a construction site as a power line worker. His employer was an subcontractor that performed electri cal utility work. The employee had set up his bucket truck and had attached a to ol tray and tool bag to the bucket of the truck. The employee then boomed the bu cket up to the location of the work activity approximately 9.8 meters (32 feet) high. The employee was disconnecting a guy approximately 380 to 458 millimeters (15 to 18 inches) below an overhead power line energized at 7,200 volts single p hase and a lower overhead power line, which was neutral with respect to ground. Using an adjustable wrench, like a Crescent wrench, the employee took off the nu t to the eye bolt that was holding the guy wire in place. The eye bolt went thro ugh a utility pole. The guy stretched approximately 6.7 meters (22 feet) through the top of another pole. It acting as a support, and it was anchored into the g round. The employee grabbed the guy in his right hand and began to remove it fro m the eye bolt. The weight of the guy caused him to shift his position. He uncon sciously reached up and grabbed the overhead power line energized at 7,200 volts . Initial reports indicate that an electric current entered his left hand at the web between his thumb and index finger and exited his right hand at the wrist. He was electrocuted. From an initial investigation, it appeared that the employe e was not wearing the necessary PPE to engage in the work that he was performing .
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on Dec 21, 2018, an employee was prepping for the thermal insulatio n application by covering areas to be protected with plastic at a residential co nstruction site.  The employee was on the third floor of the home in front of an elevator shaft and had opened the interior door to the elevator to cover it wit h plastic.  He fell into the elevator shaft and fell down approximately 20 feet to the ground.  The employee was transported to the hospital via ambulance and d ied enroute.
electrocution_fatal	On October 2, 2002, Employee #1 and a coworker were installing rain gutters on a two-story house. Employee #1 was moving an aluminum extension ladder when it contacted a 7,200-volt power line. He was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on January 17, 2017, Employee #1 was working on a reroofing project . The employee was using a full body harness, lanyard, rope glide, lifeline, a l ifeline termination device, and an I-beam clamp as part of his fall protection s ystem. There was  slack in the lifeline between the anchorage point and the rope glide. The employee was near the edge of the building, rolling out air bubbles in the roofing material with a 75 pound roller. Employee #1 slipped and fell fro m a height of approximately 22 feet to the ground below. The employee sustained a fractured femur and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:05 p.m. on April 9, 2018, Employee #1 was fabricating the base of a steel m ineral separator (Hydrosizers). During the fabrication, one side of the base bro ke a tack weld and collapsed, striking the employee in the head. The employee su ffered a fractured neck and lacerations to his head. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on April 3, 2019, an employee was delivering water when he the lef t wheel of a forklift carrying an unstable load ran over his right foot. The emp loyee's foot was crushed causing an amputation to his toes and requiring hospita lization.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:33 on November 5, 2009, Employee #1, an equipment handling supervisor, was standing on the ground, removing metal shoring from the back of their rental truck at a road construction site. He caught his left index finger in-between the hinge of the speed shore hydraulic spreaders and the movement of the metal shoring, causing it to be amputated. Employee #1 was transported by ambulance from the construction site to Palomar Hospital. He was not hospitalized for his injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	Employee #1, an electrician, was installing a cover on a electrical trough when he sustained an electrical shock and was hospitalized. Employee #2 was also injured, but did not require hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on June 25, 2015, Employee #1 was installing plastic weatherproofing on an apartment building using a 32 foot aluminum ladder, Louis ville model AE2232. He struck a 7.5 kV electrical distribution line and was elec trocuted.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 20, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contra ctor, was performing flagger duties at a road construction site.  He was standin g behind the shoulder of the road and flagging traffic approaching the work zone .  A driver operating a motor vehicle struck Employee #1, who sustained crushing and head injuries.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 6:45 a.m. on November 28, 2018, Employee #1, truck driver, parked his 18-whee ler truck on site.   Employee #1 got out of the 18-wheeler to the front of the t ruck when a skidder ran over him. The employee was struck by the skidder and kil led.
caught_nonfatal	On November 6, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engage d in renovation work at a commercial building. He was operating a hand-held hamm er drill to drill a hole in concrete. His gloved left hand became caught in the spinning drill. Employee #1 required treatment for a lacerated and dislocated fi nger.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 18, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction company, was engaged in forming work at a multiemployer construction project, a new commercial building.  He was operating a Skilsaw SPT77WM/SPT77WML power saw to cut wood stakes for concrete forms.  The saw blade came into contact with his right hand and amputated the tip of his middle finger.  The employee was transp orted to the hospital, received treatment for the finger amputation, and was rel eased without hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	On June 18, 2004, Employee #1, a process technician, was assigned to change tooling on a plastics blow molder. Employee #1 was electrocuted and killed, when he contacted a 480-volt circuit. Apparently, a heater band had dislodged from the blow molder's head and energized the tooling rack that Employee #1 was in contact with. The investigation revealed that Employee #1 had not been trained in electrical safe work practices and how to properly handle and use electrical equipment. He was also not provided with protective equipment or insulated tools.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 18, 2017, an employee was walking on purlins of a roof, lacing insulation, when a portion of the 2 inch by 4 inch purlin broke. The empl oyee fell to the ground and fractured his neck. He was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on March 19, 2016, an employee was checking an argon purge inside of a process vessel. The employee was overcome by an oxygen deficie nt atmosphere, and fell 10-feet to the platform below. The employee suffered fro m possible spinal injury from the fall, and asphyxiation and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:34 p.m. on April 20, 2017, an employee was installing metal  framing studs while standing on a stack of drywall adjacent to a wall opening. The employee fe ll 18 feet from above a guarded elevator shaft through the wall opening. He sust ained a traumatic brain, acute right subdural hematoma with hemorrhagic contusio n and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on November 23, 2021, an employee worked to hydro-excavate a hole for a utility pole installation. At some point, the employee walked around the f ront of a vehicle and was struck and killed by a passing car.
fall_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on April 2, 2015, Employee #1 was opening the blow-do wn valve to a 8-in. launching unit. As he worked, either the blow-down discharge assembly struck him in the head or the force of the gas being discharged caused him to fall backwards, striking his head on the ground. Employee #1 suffered a head injury from the incident that resulted in brain swelling. Employee #1 was t ransported to a medical center, where he died.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on May 15, 2016, a worker was conducting electrical work for a ves sel.  After he pulled a 24 volt DC communication wire from the main distribution power panel of a vessel, he fashioned a coil that was set outside the power pan el.  For an unknown reason, the worker then climbed inside the main distribution panel, which had been energized, and was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 29, 2019, Employee #1, a lather, was working from a one- story scaffold at the construction site for a new residence.  He was installing foam over the exterior wall above the garage opening.  The scaffold consisted of a wood plank supported on the top rung of two metal horse/trestle scaffolds.  T he metal A-frame bases rested on soft dirt in front of the garage.  As he was fi nishing attaching the foam with a staple gun, the wood platform along with part of the scaffold fell.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  As he fell, h is left foot struck the fallen metal scaffold, which caused his ankle to break. The employee was hospitalized for treatment of the fractured ankle.
electrocution_nonfatal	A power line crew was on its third day working on a job. The crew was stringing AWG No. 2 aluminum alloy conductors from a horse barn to an overhead power line. The crew had connected one end of a conductor to a pole at about 10.7 meters above the ground. The conductor was being paid from a spool on the back of a truck. As one of the employees drove the truck forward, another employee followed along behind, to ensure that the cable released freely from the spool. If the cable stuck on the spool, the employee behind the truck was to notify the driver to stop the vehicle and free the cable. This employee apparently got caught on the cable as it was being paid out and fell from a height of 6.1 meters to the ground. He was hospitalized with a fracture to his right hip, right wrist, and left heel.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 30, 2021, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contrac tor, was engaged in rehabilitation work for a commercial building.  He was attem pting to drive an aerial lift into the building using the building's ramp.  The aerial lift became stuck on the ramp's ten percent incline, and Employee #1 aske d a coworker to use an RT Forklift to push him up the incline.  During this proc ess, the forklift raised the aerial lift's rear off of the ramp's surface, and t he aerial lift tipped over.  The rails of the aerial lift folded up and struck t he employee in the ribs. Employee #1 was pinned in the lift basket against a sea container.  Employee #1 sustained contusions to the ribs but refused treatment when emergency medical services arrived.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on April 7, 2018, Employee #1 and a Coworker, employed by a mechan ical contractor, were working at a food manufacturing facility.  They were insta lling an overhead drip pan measuring 88 inches by 40 inches.  Both were working from ladders.  The drip pan shifted, swung down, and struck the ladders.  Employ ee #1, who was on the first or second rung of a 4-foot platform stepladder, fell to the tile floor, a fall height of approximately 2 feet.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for multiple compound fractures of his left upper arm (the humerus).
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 18, 2021, Employee #1, a forklift operator employed by a construction company, was working at the site of a new two-story residence.  He had brought the trash box over to the back of the house and was standing on the ground picking up trash.  A gust of wind snapped the cross braces holding up a 21-foot wide by 22-foot high top heavy back framed wall, causing the wall to col lapse.  The falling wall crushed Employee #1 between one of the wall's cross bra ces and the trash box.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitte d for treatment of extensive injuries.  These included fractures to both shoulde rs, both collarbones, and all ribs, and punctures to both lungs.
fall_fatal	An employee was working for a local general freight trucking firm. He drove heav y trucks. He was tarping a load of lumber on a flatbed trailer. There are varyin g accounts of what happened next. The UPA stated that on September 17, 2021, he fell while tarping the truck. He suffered a serious injury, and he died a week l ater, on September 24, 2021, of cardiac arrest. The investigation report stated that he fell from the truck to a lower level, the ground. It makes no mention of hospitalization, suggesting that the employee was killed outright. It gives the time and date of the incident as 3:15 p.m. on September 24, 2021. The narrative stated that the employee fell or tripped from the trailer deck to the ground be low, or that he passed out while on the ground and fell over. Either way, the na rrative states that he suffered a fractured skull and ribs and a punctured lung when he struck the gravel on the ground. The investigation was in agreement with the nature of the injuries. The federal violation worksheet stated that on Sept ember 17th, the employee had tarped a load at the tarping station. It appeared t hat he had finished, except for tying the bottom corners down. The employee was found, conscious, on the ground near the passenger side of his tractor trailer. He was hospitalized with broken ribs and a fractured skull. He appeared to be ma king a recovery, when he passed away at the hospital on September 24th. An autop sy was not performed. From information provided by the hospital, the coroner det ermined the cause of death was acute hypoxic respiratory failure due to blunt fo rce injury, with chronic COPD as a contributing factor. The manner of death was an on-the-job injury.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on July 21, 2004, Employee #1 was on a pump jack scaffold, installing siding on the north side of a two-story garage. He was putting a metal fascia on the gable end of the roof when he contacted a 34.5 kilovolt phase-to-phase overhead power line that was next to the garage. Employee #1 received an electric shock and fell approximately 22 ft onto the pavement. He died on July 22, 2004, as a result of injuries sustained in the fall.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on December 1, 2021, an employee was being lifted on the skid of a forklift to install a hanging heater in a warehouse. The employee was holding o n to the rail of the forklift and watching the heater when his hand got caught b etween the rail and a rafter. The employee was hospitalized to treat a right ind ex finger fracture.
electrocution_fatal	A crew foreman and another employee were at an apartment complex inspecting and repairing a leaking roof. They erected an aluminum ladder and extended it to about 10.4 meters to reach the 8.5-meter-high roof. The employees climbed to the roof, inspected it, and took photographs of the area in need of repair. They then descended to the ground. As they were moving the ladder, it contacted a 7.6-kilovolt overhead power line located 10.3 meters above the ground and approximately 4 meters from the building. Both employees were holding the ladder when it contacted the power line. The crew foreman received an electric shock and sustained severe burns on his hands and feet. His burns resulted in the surgical amputation of his lower left leg, several fingers, and one toe. He was hospitalized for his injuries. The second employee was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At approximately 12:28 p.m. on April 10, 2017, a truck driver arrived at PEER 48 to deliver a container in the yard. The yard had a stable gravel surface and it was packed from vehicular traffic driving over it. The surface of the ground wa s mostly flat and did not have any inclines or large potholes that were noted. T he employee pulled in and lined the container up for unloading, and quickly exit ed the vehicle. He approached the trailer operator's station and began to lower the container. The camera footage obtained from PEER 48 showed that as the conta iner was being lowered, the truck was moving forward. After the container was fl at on the ground, the employee quickly entered the area between the trailer and the truck to disconnect the cable that attached the two. The employee disconnect ed and stowed the cable and, for reasons unknown, remained in the area. Very sho rtly afterwards, the truck and trailer rolled backwards pinning the employee bet ween the container and the trailer. The employee was crushed and killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 7:30 p.m. on July 15, 2015, Employee #1 was dropping off a truc k trailer at a discount store's dock and hooking up another trailer for pickup. Employee #1 exited his truck and went to the back of the trailer for an unknown reason. The discount store's video from the incident shows that the truck moved backwards and pinned Employee #1 between the trailer and dock, killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on May 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as taking a break from his work at a heavy construction site.  He was sitting on a trunnion beam that had been removed from a dredge and placed on the shore.  W hen he stood up and prepared to walk forward, the beam shifted and tilted forwar d, catching and pressing against his leg.  Emergency services were called, and E mployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a l eg fracture.
fall_fatal	At 1:22 p.m. on March 6, 2017, Employee #1, a temporary employee, and a coworker were preparing to go up to the roof to install mesh nylon cloth around the skyl ights that had holes and cracks. The two employees were using a 30 foot fixed ca ged metal ladder located in a hatchway in the southeast corner of the warehouse section of the facility. The coworker went up on the roof via the hatchway openi ng, carrying all of the repair materials and tools. Employee #1 did not come up the ladder, so the coworker went back to the opening to try to see where he was. The coworker heard loud banging noises and shaking of the ladder cage, like som ething was hitting its walls. As the coworker looked down through the hatchway o pening, Employee #1 was laying on the floor by the ladder in a pool of blood. Em ployee #1 had fallen approximately 25 feet through the caged 30 foot metal ladde r. The coworker called for help and emergency medical services responded. Employ ee #1 sustained head trauma and skull fractures and was pronounced dead at the s cene. Upon questioning, the employer did not provide training and instruction to Employee #1 on the safe use of ladders, climbing and working on ladders, user's position, points of contact with the ladder and factors contributing to falls.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a theater, was operat ing a Dewalt sliding compound miter saw, Model DWS780, in the carpentry workshop .  He was cutting one inch by three inch pine boards with the saw, which was mou nted on a mobile workbench.  The mobile workbench shifted, and the employee's ha nd was pulled into the blade of the miter saw.  Emergency services transported t he employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for an amputated left thumb and lacerations to the index and middle fingers.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:55 p.m. on July 6, 2018, Employee #1 was pushing on 16 foot dead maple tree stub. The stub fell back on the stump while the employee was pushing, and fell on his arm. His humerus bone was shattered, resulting in a right arm amputation. The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:35 a.m. on October 11, 2017, Employee #1 was cutting a bundle of waste wood using a DeWalt Compound Mitre saw. The employee brought the blade of the mitre saw down on his left hand, causing a deep laceration that required hospitalizati on for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on November 26, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an e lectrical contractor, were troubleshooting a power outage at a mobile home park. Employee #1 was holding a flashlight while Coworker #1 tested a 7,200 volt tra nsformer.  Employee #1 apparently came close to or contacted live electrical par ts.  An explosion occurred, and Employee #1 was severely burned.  Emergency serv ices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admit ted and treated for third degree electrical burns to his arm, hand, and chest. He was hospitalized for eight days.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in exterior carpentry work, part of a multiemployer renovation p roject at a three-story multifamily building.  Employee #1 was on a ladder when the ladder slipped and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 21 feet.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was adm itted and treated for fall-related injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on July 31, 2008, Employee #1 was roofing a house for Bill's Home Improvement. He was working from a ladder. He was electrocuted when his right arm contacted the service line. He fell off the ladder. The service line had uninsulated service clamps and it was not properly protected to prevent contact.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on September 26, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in renovation work at a two-story commercial building.  He was on the roof and installing gutters and downspouts. The gutter came into contact with an energized power line, an electric arc ensued, and the employee was shock ed.  He lost consciousness and fell from the roof to the cement street, a fall h eight of 20 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for serious fall-related injuries.
caught_fatal	At 2:38 p.m. on October 13, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a water and sewer lin e construction company, was working on a multi-employer construction project, an underground conduit installation.  He was releasing air from a sewer plug when the water back pressure pulled the plug free and yanked the employee into the un derground sewer line.  Employee #1 drowned.
electrocution_fatal	A construction crew was installing metal siding, with radiant barrier insulation, to a large pole-shed-type building at rural site. One of the employees was working from the roof of the building, assisting another worker on the ground. They were installing insulation on the rear of the building. An overhead power line ran above the employee on the roof, 1.5 to 2.4 meters away. The employee shook out the insulation, and it contacted the power line, shocking the employee. He fell backwards and then fell or slumped forward down the roof, falling approximately 4 meters to the ground. The injured worker was still breathing for about 10 minutes before losing consciousness. The employee was transported to the nearest medical facility, which was about 30 minutes away, and was pronounced dead on arrival. The employee had electrical burns on his hands and feet. The employee also sustained trauma and contusions to the head. (The original form did not indicate whether the employee died of electrocution or from injuries sustained in the fall.)
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:20 a.m. on October 23, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1 employed by a bui lding construction company, were installing rain gutters on a building's roof an d eaves.  Employee #1 was working from a scaffold.  Coworker #1, who was on grou nd level, handed up to Employee #1 a 30-foot long rain gutter.  During Employee #1's handling of the gutter, it made contact with an energized power line operat ing at 4,800 volts that was suspended approximately 14 feet away from the scaffo ld.  Employee #1 sustained an electrical shock and burns.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electrical shock and burns.
fall_fatal	At 7:42 a.m. on December 1, 2016, an employee was getting ready to start work th at day. The employee climbed an extension ladder to the roof of a single story f amily home. The roof eaves was approximately 9 feet 5 inches high with a slope o f approximately 4:12. The employee fell from the edge of the roof on to the conc rete and was killed from head trauma.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on July 2, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor, was engaged in rehabilitation work at a commercial building.  He was using fish tape to pull electrical wire in the vicinity of unenclosed electrical cabinets. The power source had not been deenergized, and contact with 480 volts occurred , causing an arc flash.  The employee's arm was burned.  He was transported to t he hospital and admitted for treatment of third degree burns.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on March 13, 2020, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was working from a ladder at a building construction project.  He was using his bare hands to connect and splice electrical wiring to the electrical p anel box wiring while the wiring was energized to 120 volts.  The employee fell from the ladder to the floor and then down a flight of stairs, a fall height of 24 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on March 7, 2017, an employee was cleaning a roof, when he fell 15 feet and struck the ground. The employee fractured one of his hips and both knee s, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on April 6, 2017, an employee was rolling up straps o n the trailer. Materials fell off of the flatbed trailer and struck the employee . The employee suffered massive trauma to the head and chest area and was killed .
fall_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on May 23, 2017, Employee #1 was preparing for the next day's work by using a lift to position the materials needed, when he fell. Employee #1 sust ained a back injury and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on November 29, 2018, an employee was framing a single family home second story when the employee stepped backwards, lost balance and fell ten feet . The employee was hospitalized with a concussion injury.
fall_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on November 8, 2016, an employee was laying down insulation on a ro of when he fell off the roof.  He was killed after landing on the pavement.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 1st, 2013, an employee was placing HVAC filters on th e roof while standing on a fixed ladder.  While the employee stood on the fixed ladder, a coworker would hand an air conditioning filter to the employee.  The e mployee then reached up and placed the filter on the roof.  After asking for the next filter, the employee fell off the ladder.  The employee received a fatal b low to the head when he fell upon the concrete floor.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 15, 2018, an employee pulled a stucco hose from the thi rd level of a scaffold to the second level. The hose then began to fall, in an u ncontrolled manner, onto the employee and the employee fell from the scaffold. T he employee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the left foot and back.
struck_fatal	At 8:53 p.m. on September 12, 2020, an employee was placing highway signs at the side of the road. At some point, the employee then attempted to cross a seven-l ane highway and was struck by two motor vehicles. The employee received blunt fo rce trauma to the head, torso and extremities and was killed.
fall_fatal	"At approximately 8:30 a.m. on September 26, 2015, an employee and two coworkers were on the Q decking. They were removing Q decking approximately 16-ft above th e ground.	The workers were demolishing the decking and the container structure t hat was supported the Q decking. The employee fell off the Q decking and landed on the pavement below. The employee suffered from fractured head and was killed. "
struck_fatal	At 3:40 p.m. on October 17, 2014, an employee got out of the dump truck to evalu ate the area before dumping a load of rocks into a drainage ditch. The dump truc k rolled down a incline crushing and pinning the employee against a rock wall. T he employee was killed from the accident.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an engineering and co nstruction company, was excavating a 4.5 feet deep trench.  The trench caved in, and Employee #1 was struck by the collapsing soil and knocked against a standpi pe.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, admitted, and treated for a dislocated hip.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 22, 2015, an employee was using a chipping gun on a concr ete wall when a 9.5 ft tall and 14 ft thick section fell on top of them.  The em ployee was killed from blunt force trauma to the head.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in roofing work at a two-story residential structure.  As he moved fr om one area of the roof to another, he slipped on a piece of loose debris and fe ll.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to heel bones in both feet.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on April 10, 2018, Employee #1 and his employer were moving a K-rai l with a chain and a forklift. The employee had his hand between the chain and t he blade of the forklift. As the employer lifted the K-rail, the employee's hand was crushed. He suffered bruises to his hand and fingers.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 30, 2017, a truck driver delivered a JLG Telehandler to a rental company. The JLG was on a step-deck trailer. A step-deck trailer has an upper deck on the front of the trailer then steps down to a lower level which a llows multiple loads of cargo. The forks on the telehandler were folded under, a nd work-light support brackets located on the left and right side of the telehan dler so the machine could be as far forward as possible against the step. The dr iver backed the rear of his trailer against the offloading platform located in t he yard. The off-loading/loading ramp was a twenty five foot triangle shaped ram p with expanded metal on the ramp for traction. On the upper left and right side of the ramp were two chains that attached to the trailer of the truck to preven t a gap from occurring between the trunk and ramp. The driver put on his hard ha t and exited the truck cab in order to remove the chains and binders holding the piece of equipment on the trailer. An employee of the rental company told the t ruck driver to say out of the way as he backed the machine off the trailer. The rental company employee got into the JLG Telehandler to back it off the trailer. The JLG Telehandler operator sits on the left side and the operator's view is p artially obstructed by the boom and engine. The JLG telehandler is slightly smal ler in width than the ramp so the rental company employee was carefully watching his placement on the ramp as he was backing up. Once the rear wheels of the mac hine were on the ground the carriage was dragging the ground so the rental compa ny employee raised the carriage just enough to keep it from dragging. At this ti me, the machine engaged its auto-leveling system. The auto-leveling system on bo ard the equipment self-adjusts to keep the carriage and the forks in a flat posi tion. When this system operated, the forks, which were still tucked under the wo rk-lights, rose upward slightly and put pressure on the bottom of the work light s. As a result, the pressure on the work-lights caused the lights to be sheared off the brackets and flung into the air. The truck driver was standing on the pa ssenger side of the trailer about half way down and was struck in the face with the lights. The rental company employee who was operating the JLG Telehandler sa w the truck driver fall off the loading dock.
struck_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on January 24, 2014, an employee was walking from a truck in the fa cility and was on a cell phone.  A coworker was operating a forklift, and during the process of driving the forklift the coworker saw the employee walking towar d the forklift with his head down focused on his cell phone.  The forklift ran o ver the employee's foot and struck his head and lower leg. The employee was kill ed.
fall_nonfatal	On November 29, 2018, an employee was inspecting a rebuilt construction unit and was climbing down a sloped hillside before losing his footing and fell from a r etaining wall.  The employee was transported to Regional Medical Center and was treated for an injured eye and orbital bone as well as several other fractures t o his left wrist, elbow, and forearm.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 28, 2018, an employee was changing the battery in his forkl ift and was using an overhead hoist to lift the discharged battery that weighed approximately 3,200 lbs.  The employee was struck by the battery when it fell of f of the forklift and landed on his right foot, amputating his large toe.  Hospi talization was not required.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 17, 2003, Employee #1, a carpenter, was on a roof, welding metal clips along the outer edge of a four-story building. He was holding onto a wire rope guard rail with his left hand when a coworker, a welder who worked for a subcontractor, hung an electrode holder from his welding machine on the guard rail. The rope guard became energized with 27 volts and 170 amps. Employee #1 received an electric shock, which caused him to step backward into a 2 ft long by 2 ft wide by 4 in. deep hole. His foot became caught between horizontal rebar and a concrete wall, and he fell backward on the concrete roof. He sustained a fractured tibia and fibula, and a dislocated ankle. The hole was uncovered, and the general contractor and subcontractor did not recognize the danger that the hole and the rebar presented. The inner compression spring in the electrode holder was not insulated. Employee #1 was wearing cut-resistant work gloves with no fingers, allowing his bare fingers to contact the energized wire rope.
fall_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on November 3, 2017, an employee was working from a tapper scaffold to sand a wall. The scaffold tipped, the employee fell approximately 37 inches from the scaffold onto the concrete below.  The scaffold landing on the employee s chest.  The employee had a laceration on his head, a brain bleed, causing him to be in an induced coma and later died from his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on March 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was using an impact gun and torquing/twisting the bolts on a section of the bott om panel of a transmission structure that had been placed on temporary spacers. The upper panel, which was not properly secured, slowly lowered and struck the employee's head, which was pinched between the two panels.  Emergency services t ransported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of head and face injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On December 19, 2002, Employee #1 was electrocuted when the ladder he was moving contacted an overhead power line.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on May 22, 2018, an employee was moving a 24 foot aluminum extensio n ladder at a house during roofing. The ladder contacted a 220 volt service line to the house and the employee was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 a.m on June 3, 2016, an employee was tightening bolts on a column next to I-Beam at a height of approximately 18 ft. The employee climbed out of the ba sket onto the I-Beam. After losing his balance, the employee fell to the cement ground and died from multiple blunt force injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 21, 2018, an employee was working to sheet a roof. As the employee walked across some plywood resting on a beam, the employee fell ten feet to the next level. The employee received a stress fracture to his clavicle and head contusions.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on May 7, 2015, an employee was using a 20-ton overhead crane hook to lift some material when the hook slipped and struck him in the face.   The em ployee was hospitalized with facial injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 27, 2018, Employee #1, a helper apprentice employed by a c onstruction company, was engaged in the remodeling of a private residence's bath room.  He was using a Milwaukee 4.5-inch hand-held Grinder, Serial Number D02AD 11142101 with an attached wood-cutting blade, to cut notches on the 2 by 4 wood frame of the shower wall.  The equipment kicked back and fell from Employee #1's hand, striking and cutting into his left knee and leg.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and t reated for a 20 centimeter deep laceration.
electrocution_fatal	On November 19, 2008, Employee's #1 and #2 were working for Prudent Technologies, Inc, as part of a four person painting crew and were painting a residence. Employee #1 was the foreman and was working with Employee #2; they were using a boom lift to paint the upper levels of the house. They were working approximately 20-feet off the ground, when Employee #1 came in contact with a live overhead electrical line he touched Employee #2. Employee #2 was able to pull away and climbed down from the boom lift. Employee #1 was on fire, he was able to roll out of the boom lift and fell about 20-feet to the ground. The coworkers were able to put out the fire and the employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he died from his injuries approximately two-weeks later.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on July 20, 2015, Employee#1 and two coworkers were applying tape t o the sleeves/fittings of steel piping, ranging in size, in a newly constructed building. While Employee #1 and his coworkers were standing in front of a rail s ystem and applying the tape, a forklift operator was unloading the steel piping. Four stacks of piping were to be delivered in total.  As the forklift operator was loading the third stack of piping, he inadvertently struck one of the loads causing a 54 inch sleeve/fitting that weighed 2,000 pounds to fall and pin Emplo yee #1 to the ground. Employee #1 died as a result of his injuries that included damage to multiple organs.
struck_fatal	At 3:21 p.m. on June 6, 2017, a Peterbuilt box van traveling northbound on I-5 n ear milepost 280 in the middle of 3 lanes drove through barrel barricades at a h igh rate of speed into a protected construction work zone. The van struck the re ar of a F-250 construction vehicle that was occupied by Employee #1 (Driver) and Employee #2 (Passenger). The impact of the collision pushed the F-250 into the center median area and the truck continued driving northbound without stopping. Both employees were hospitalized, Employee #1 was treated and released, and Empl oyee #2 died on June 13, 2017.
caught_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 16, 2018, an employee started the ignition of a rock d rill, TEI Model MP250, which was being used at a site for soil remediation. Duri ng work, the became caught between the mast and the rotating pipe of the rock dr ill and was killed. His body was later found and an incident investigation condu cted. It was determined that the employee's safety vest became wrapped up in th e rotating drill pipe and was pulled into the machine, resulting in fatal crushi ng injuries to the left side of his upper torso.
caught_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 13, 2021, an employee was working in the flagman positio n wearing a high visibility coat while holding a 6 foot tall traffic flow sign. The employee was responsible for directing traffic while Coworker #1, Coworker # 2 and Coworker #3 knocked down trees with a backhoe. The employee had just turne d his traffic flow sign from stop to slow. Driver #1 was the only one stopped an d was waiting for the signal to proceed. As he pulled out, he checked his rear v iew mirror and noticed Driver #2 coming at a high rate of speed. Driver #1 thoug ht he was going to be rear ended when Driver #2 hit the employee with such force he pushed the employee and the employee's truck approximately 50 feet from the point of impact. The employee was killed when he was struck by Driver #2's Ford Ranger truck and crushed between Driver #2's truck and his own Dodge pickup truc k.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 20, 2022, an employee was unclipping static wire from the peak of an overhead powerline structure. The employee was climbing down from th e tower and fell to the ground.  The employee suffered severe trauma to the body and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on April 23, 2018, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by a ho me builder, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a residential building.  They were carrying a granite slab into the building when Employee #1 tripped on a piece of scaffolding on the garage floor.  As Employee #1 fell, the granite fell onto and punctured his forearm.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration with tendon and nerve damage.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:20 p.m. on September 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contrac tor, was working at a multiemployer construction project.  He was walking in a t rench that measured 7 feet by 6 feet and inspecting a pipe.  A side of the trenc h broke off and struck Employee #1, pinning him to the trench wall.  Emergency s ervices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was ad mitted and treated for multiple rib fractures and bruises.
fall_fatal	At 5:45 p.m. on April 3, 2015, an employee fell into an open ventilation shaft w ithout a cover and dropped 30 feet to the concrete floor and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:07 p.m. on December 31, 2017, an employee was wrapping pallets when he was struck by an industrial truck. The employee sustained back injuries, several bro ken ribs, and a head injury, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:05 p.m. on March 11, 2019, an employee was working for a general line groce ry merchant wholesaler. He was operating a Raymond model number 8410 standup or ride electric pallet jack to select orders. While on his route, he turned his em pty electric pallet jack into dry side aisle number 55. He was headed in north d irection. Also in that aisle was a pallet jack with a load, which was also heade d in the north direction. A coworker had stopped the jack with the load at the s outh end of aisle number 55. The employee steered his empty pallet jack to the r ight of the stopped pallet jack. He was operating the pallet jack "at a safe spe ed." His pallet jack struck a 250-millimeter-high (10-inch-high) floor-mounted p ipe guard rail and its mounting base and bolts. The pallet jack made an abrupt s top, and the employee fell from his position to the concrete floor. His left leg became caught between the jack and an east side rack in aisle 55. He suffered a fractured lower left leg. He was hospitalized for two or more days.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on November 13, 2018, an employee was traveling South while operat ing a Crown Reach Truck while a coworker had crossed the aisle way traveling Eas t and West while operating a second Crown Reach Truck.  The employee's truck was struck by his coworker and caught his foot between the two trucks.  The employe e had his left foot amputated and was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	On July 11, 2012, an employee was sent to retreive a pipe beveling machine from the tool trailer. The employee jumped into the the backhoe and drove it to the t ool trailer located approximatley 200 feet from where they were actually working . Upon retrieving the pipe beveling machine the employee placed it in back of th e operator's seat which was facing towards the bucket. The digger which was on t he back side of the back hoe was facing directly out at a 90 degree angle. As th e employee put the machine behind the seat and let go, the machine fell foward a nd pressed the lever that controls the right/left movement of the digger. The em ployee's head was struck by and caught between the digger bucket and the right o utrigger. The employee instantly fell to the ground where he laid until paramedi cs showed up to transport him to the hospital. The employee died while en route to hospital.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 14, 2019, an employee was completing some repairs to a metal building and fell through an existing skylight.  The employee fell approxi mately 16 feet and landed on his head, fracturing his skull.  The employee was h ospitalized for 8 days before being removed from life support and died once remo ved.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 11, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a paving company, was working at a multiemployer construction site.  Employee #1 was working in a tre nch, when its walls collapsed. He was crushed by the falling dirt.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was adm itted and treated for a lower back injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an insulation compan y, was installing insulation at a two-story commercial building.  He used a ladd er to access the installation area.  The ladder slipped and fell, and Employee # 1 fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple in juries, including fractures to his wrists, hips, vertebrae, and ribs.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 15, 2018, an employee was assisting his coworker with hoo king a shackle to a bulldozer and jumped onto the machine.  The employee pushed on the shackle and it slipped out from his hand, hitting him in the head.  The e mployee was admitted to the hospital for overnight observation.  No further inju ry was recorded by the initial report.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 2, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a const ruction company, were grading an outdoor area at a residential structure, a mult iemployer construction project.  He was assisting the operator of a Kubota Skid Steer Loader, Model SSV75, Serial Number 1001030.  As Employee #1 stood on the l oader's bucket, the machine's hydraulics engaged, which raised the lift arms.  E mployee #1 fell and became caught between the bucket and the cab.  He was transp orted to the hospital, admitted, and treated for injuries to his jaw, head, and neck.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 12, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by an energ y services subcontractor, were clearing a path to electrical towers.  Employee # 1 used a chainsaw to cut a tall tree.  He fell and struck energized electrical l ines.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital, admitted, and treated for electric shock and trauma.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on September 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in roofing work at a three-story multifamily residential buildi ng.  He was repositioning roofing felt when he slipped on the felt and fell, a f all height of 28.7 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractured ribs, an i njured pelvis, and a punctured lung.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:00 (a.m. or pm. was not specified) on May 10, 2006, Employee #1 was a truck driver supervised by a manager and both are employed by Harvest Time Produce. Employee #1 was electrocuted when the boom made contact with a high-voltage overhead power line. Employee #1 drove a flatbed truck with a boom attached at the back of the flatbed. The articulating platform that holds the boom was approximately 9 ft off the ground, and the boom was approximately 19 ft in length. A fully extended boom (90 degrees) from the tip of the boom to the ground was approximately 28 ft, Employee #1 would load (half to full wood and plastic bins of avocados and kumquats) and unload (empty plastic and wood bins) using a boom lift attached to the back of a flatbed truck (STRG, 2204, VIN Number 2FZACGCS44AM76606, License Number 7E44816). The boom lift was custom made for the truck by Frank's Welding in Escondido. The high-voltage power lines, at the accident scene, was estimated to be 25 ft from the pavement to the north power line. Employee #1 was operating the boom while standing on the ground with a remote control device that was plugged into the boom platform. Employee #1 was standing next to a black metal cyclone fence, when he was operating the boom. Employee #1 was electrocuted via the cable when the boom became energized upon contact with the high-voltage power line. Employee#1 was found by a neighbor when he went out to investigate why his power went off and saw Employee #1 on fire and smoking thus assuming the area was still energized. The police arrived on the scene and used a fire extinguisher. SDG&E arrived on the scene to deenergize the power lines so the boom that was entangled in the north power line could be separated and the line repaired. Harvest Time Produce picked up bins of kumquats and avocados that have been harvested by other employers and then transport them down on flatbed trucks to their packing house in Oceanside, California.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 4, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing construction company, was working at the construction site of a new residential building.  H e was walking and carrying wood on the second floor when he tripped and fell to the floor.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of blunt force traumatic injuries that included a head injury, a f ractured right wrist, and a bruise to the liver.
electrocution_fatal	Two siding installers were replacing the siding at a duplex residential unit. A 7,200-volt overhead power line ran near the residence. The power line was 2.1 meters from the residence and 7.1 meters above the ground. The workers began erecting the scaffolding system. The owner of the siding company delivered an aluminum pump-jack scaffolding system to the site and then left to pick up the siding material. Aluminum poles that were about 7.3 meters long formed the vertical supports for the scaffold. To raise the poles into position, one the workers (Employee #1) held the base of a pole while the other employee (Employee #2) walked the pole up, hand-over-hand, until it reached a vertical position. As they were raising the second pole, it contacted the power line. Emergency medical services transported both workers to a hospital, where Employee #1 later died. Employee #2 was hospitalized for an electric shock and burns to his hands and feet. The employer had not trained the employees.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on July 5, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker were installing shingle s on a roof. The employee was handing shingles to a coworker when he was struck by lightning and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was operating a radial arm saw at a job site.  He was feeding lumber into t he saw blade for cutting.  A piece of lumber became stuck, and Employee #1's han d came into contact with the blade.  Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for laceratio ns to multiple fingers.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:10 a.m. on October 3, 2018, Employee # 1 was making a delivery of paper or plastic from a company truck. He fell off the back of the delivery truck on the pavement. He sustained a broken pelvis and a fractured elbow. He was hospitalize d.
struck_fatal	At 6:45 a.m. on July 27, 2018, Employee #1 was performing flagging duties for th e forklift operator. The employee approached the forklift on the operator's blin d side. He was struck by and run over by forklift, and killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 1, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical subcont ractor, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new medical facil ity.  He was troubleshooting an "In Use" sign that was not functioning properly. Employee #1 tested approximately six live electrical wires within a junction b ox.  He then bypassed the relay, and during the troubleshooting process he came into contact with live parts.  Employee #1 sustained an electric shock and burns .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to a hospital burn center, admitted, and treated for the electric shock and burns.
struck_fatal	At 12:41 p.m. on September 23, 2015, an employee was working for a firm that who lesaled recyclable materials. He was using a cutting torch to cut up scrap metal . Military ordnance in the form of a bomb had been placed in the scrap metal. Th e bomb partially exploded. The employee was caught in the fire and blast from th e explosion. He sustained a concussion and puncture wounds from the shrapnel. He also sustained burns and he was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:55 a.m. on August 29, 2019, Employee #1 was working inside a new residence being constructed.  He was using a powered hand held circular saw to cut a 2 by 6 piece of lumber.  The saw kicked back, striking and amputating the tip of the employee's left thumb.   The employee was hospitalized for treatment of the ampu tation.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:57 a.m. on April 25, 2017, Employee #1 was climbing an extension ladder, h olding a paint sprayer gun, attached to a hose, in his right hand. The ladder mo ved and the employee fell nine feet onto a wooden deck. Employee #1 sustained a compound fracture to his right leg.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:30 p.m. on October 21, 2014, Employees #1 and #2 were checkin g the compressed air system in Maintenance Room #1 of the 7K pellet support buil ding. During the process of increasing the pressure into the 4-inch compressed a ir line from approximately 125psi to the test pressure of 175 psi a failure occu rred.  The pressure caused the two sections of the pipe to move or shoot out in opposite direction striking and damaging the interior wall system and puncturing the exterior pre-engineered metal building envelope.  The failure broke apart a 90 degree elbow which connected a vertical pipe riser to a horizontal pipe sect ion running overhead and perpendicular to the joists in the open ceiling area ab ove.  The failure caused the vertical pipe to disconnect from the upper fitting while the fitting at the bottom of the vertical pipe remained in position.  The top of the vertical pipe riser rotated counter clockwise approximately 165 degre es striking Employee #1 on the left side of his head and Employee #2 was struck on his arm.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on March 3, 2016, an employee was assigned to erect m etal framing studs. The employee was on an adjustable work platform, tele-tower model 1101, and fell approximately 8 feet 5 inches. According to witnesses, the employee may have fainted. When three witnesses heard a drill fall, they looked and the employee tilted over and went down. The employee did not make an effort to grab or hold on to anything as he fell. According to the coroner's autopsy re port, employee received head trauma but it was not lethal. The employee died of natural causes.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on September 12, 2015, Employee #1 was in an insulated bucket to cu t one of two high tension power lines, located in the center of the tower. The f irst line that was cut by the employee was under reduced tension, while the seco nd line was under full tension of 8,000 pounds. The cut line traveled back to th e tower 50 feet at a very high velocity and became wrapped around a steel member of the support tower. This sudden stop of the cut line caused a shock load on t he support pulley, which broke the supporting wires, causing the wire under full tension to fall down and strike another steel member on the support tower. The impact of the wire against the tower sheared the wire and recoiled into the buck et. This impact also broke the bucket completely from the boom, struck Employee #1, causing him to fall 88 feet, killing him.
caught_fatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on December 22, 2008, Employee #1 had completed snow plowing and was preparing to use a Bobcat 773 to move snow piles. He began changing the fork attachment with a scoop attachment when the hydraulic arm was raised and pinned him to the cab. The force of the arm against the top of the cab crushed his chest and killed him.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 7, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was installing steel corrugated roofing material to the roof of a one-story commercial building as part of a multi-employer construction project.  He was w orking from the personnel basket of an aerial lift, but he stepped onto the roof to stand on sheets of roofing material that were being blown by the wind.  As h e continued working, he fell and struck the concrete floor, a fall height of 16 feet.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:25 p.m. on April 13, 2015, an employee was operating a hydraulic jack to p osition a mobile home onto safety blocks.  The employee became trapped between t he mobile home trailer and the ground when the trailer fell off of the safety bl ocks and the hydraulic jack system failed, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	On March 3, 2005, Employees #1 was pushing cable inside an S&C brand, pad-mounted, live front switchgear box, Model Number PMH. The box was rated for 15 kilovolts and 600 amps. As he was working, Employee #1 slipped and fell, contacting the energized part of the switchgear box. This resulted in an arc flash, electrocuting Employee #1. Employee #2 was working nearby to Employee #1 received an electric shock. Employee #1, who was not using rubber gloves and sleeves, nor was he using insulation blanket, was killed. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby medical facility, where he was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on January 26, 2022, two employees were standing on an economizer, approximately 4 feet off of the ground, attempting to plumb 6 tubing elements. T he employees were working on the second "B" of four identical economizers (A,B,C ,D). For the "A" economizer, the tubes were installed individually from the bott om up. At the direction of the department foreman, the assembly sequence was opt imized for the "B" economizer by building tubular elements approximately 20 feet wide by 5 feet tall by 2 feet, weighing 1,050 pounds each and installing them i nto a fixture to prevent toppling. Six elements were installed into the fixture and all were held in place with F-Clamps at the top while the bottoms were welde d in place to the header pipe. The employees were standing on top of the fixture and the elements were leaning away from them. The employees instructed a cowork er, on the ground, to remove the clamps that were holding the tops of the elemen ts in an attempt to plumb and reblock the elements manually. Employee #1 leaned two elements into the vertical position and upon leaning the third element uprig ht, all six elements toppled toward them. The employees were not tied off nor we re they required to be tied off. Notably, it had been previously assessed that a ny fall protection would have increased the risk of injury. Employee #2 was knoc ked off the fixture and fell to the ground. Employee #1 was pinned under the ele ments. Both employees were hospitalized with broken bones, broken ribs, fracture s, and a punctured lung.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 17, 2003, Employee #1 was installing wood trim around a door when he brushed against or moved some wiring that was next to the door. He received an electric shock from what was believed to be a 120-volt electric current.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 7, 2017, an employee was cutting wood on a Craftsman t able saw to make a stool.  The employee struck his fingers on the saw blade when a piece of wood kicked back.  He partially amputated his index finger and lacer ated the four remaining ones.  Hospitalization was not required.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:20 a.m. on August 17, 2007, Employee #1, a laborer, was using a gas-powered Stihl masonry saw, model TM400, with a 14 in. diamond blade. He was using the hand-operated saw to cut through a 2 in. by 8 in. wooden plank that was about 2 in. off the ground and that formed part of the frame for a new curb gutter at the site. Employee #1 was finishing the cut when the saw kicked up and the saw blade struck him in the neck. First aid was administered at the site. Employee #1 was then transported to Junction City Hospital, where he died.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on July 25, 2014, Employee #1 and a coworker, owner, were re-routing a hot water pipe through an attic.  They cut a hole in a wall a nd started to reroute the pipe.  Employee #1 was inside the attic while the pipe was being run through the hole, up the wall and through the attic.  As the pipe was being rerouted, it cut through wiring in the attic and Employee #1 was elec trocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 19, 2010, an employee, a site supervisor and technician, was performing his assigned duties. An arc flash burned the employee. The employee was immediately taken to UCSD burn center for treatment. The employee was hospitalized and treated for burns.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 p.m. on November 9, 2021, an employee stood on the back of a skid steer in operation. At some point, the skid steer bounced, and the employee struck his head on the vehicle, fell approximately two feet and struck his head on the gro und. The employee was killed due to head injuries received.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:55 p.m. on February 23, 2022, an employee and coworker installed beams and joists while working from the top plate of a sixth story building. At the same time, a crane (Peiner SK 415-20 Fixed jib tower crane) hoisted two beams, each w eighing approximately three hundred and ninety-six pounds, using two sixteen-foo t Tuflex LiftAll polyester round slings (Serial#1832288-3 and 1810156) and conne cted to a ten-foot wire rope bridle using two hooks (LBK-13-10) attached to the crane block. As the load was moved, the slings slipped and caused the beams to s lip, swing uncontrollably, and strike the employee who then lost balance and fel l approximately nine feet. Coworkers found the employee unconscious and emergenc y services were called. The employee woke a short time later in pain and was tra nsported by ambulance to the hospital. The employee was hospitalized to treat fr actures to two vertebrae, manubrium (sternum), and two ribs.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was descending a portable wooden stepladder at a commercial building job site. He slipped and fell.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, an d treated for a head injury and fractures to two vertebrae.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on April 25, 2018, Employee #1, an iron worker employed by a steel erection company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a single- family residence.  He was in the process of welding studs into a column over an open area of the home.  Employee #1 used two pieces of two by four lumber and a piece of plywood to create a scaffold.  He then placed an 8-foot stepladder on t he plywood work platform.  To test the scaffold, Employee #1 stood on the first run of the stepladder and bounced.  On the third bounce, the scaffold collapsed, and Employee #1 fell.  He fell approximately 10 feet to the concrete floor, rol led, fell into an unguarded floor opening, fell an additional 15 feet, and struc k the basement's concrete surface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he remained for seven weeks being tre ated for multiple lacerations and internal injuries, multiple pelvic fractures, a left femur fracture, a wrist fracture, and spinal injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 27, 2017, Employee #1 was working from a step stool to scr ape popcorn from a ceiling. During work, the employee slipped and fell, striking a nearby vanity with his torso. The employee sustained fractures to his ribs, w hich he was hospitalized and received treatment.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 5, 2020, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a pipeline con struction company, were working from an aerial lift and removing piping from a s tabilizer tower.  A fire broke out below, the aerial lift failed to operate, and the two employees were trapped on the lift.  Employee #1 jumped off the lift, h it his head on a pipe, and was killed.  Employee #2 also jumped off the lift, su staining injuries in the fall.  Employee #2 was transported by emergency service s to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured leg from th e fall and burns from the fire.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in carpentry work for the construction of a three-story residen tial structure.  He was in the elevator pit, below the elevator car, and install ing wood trim to the elevator doors.  The elevator car unexpectedly began to des cend.  It moved slowly, and Employee #1 was able to exit the elevator pit, but n ot before he sustained injuries.  Emergency services were called, and Employee # 1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries to his head and back/spine.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 28, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a frami ng and carpentry company, were working at the construction site for a multifamil y residential building.  They were rolling steel beams intended for floor suppor t when Employee #1 reached down to assist Coworker #1.  Employee #1's left hand was struck and caught by a rolling beam.  Emergency services were called, and Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation of his left hand's middle finger.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 16, 2019, Employee #1 was working from a lift and installing metal frami ng to the exterior of a one-story commercial building.  He was handling a 10-foo t section of metal frame when the metal came into contact with an overhead power line.  The employee sustained an electric shock.  He was transported to the hos pital and admitted for treatment of injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 7:45 p.m. on December 11, 2020, an employee was working with a third-party contractor to troubleshoot a piece of equipment. The employee was in the main control center discussing the issue and had left moments before the in cident occurred. The employee was walking through the compound at the time of th e incident. The loader operator was removing material from the "fire dump" area and had made several passes through the compound. At the time of the incident, t he loader operator was approaching the corner of a building in the compound when he felt an unexpected "bump" and stopped the loader. The loader operator exited the vehicle and found the employee on the ground. The employee suffered injurie s consistent with blunt force trauma from crushing/struck by.  The employee late r died from these injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on June 8, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project.  He was using a rope to gui de one end of a concrete pile that measured 95 feet long by 12 feet by 12 feet. The pile was about to impact the pile driver, which was  connected to a crane. Employee #1 wrapped his arms around the concrete pile, and his right forearm be came caught between the pile and the side of the crane.  Emergency services tran sported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fra ctured right radius bone and other crushing injuries to his right forearm.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 28, 2018, an employee working in a trenching operation to install twelve inch water pipe. The employee was returning rods to the rod b ox of a Vermeer Navigator Horizontal Directional Drill (Model Number D60X90 S3, VIN/PIN 1VRJ29031G1000106) when one of the rods kicked out and the employee reac hed over to grab the rod to line it up with the slot in the rack. When the rod b egan to seat, the employee began to descend the platform, slipped and fell betwe en the rod box and the drive assembly. The employee received multiple fractures to the right leg and was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	On May 16, 2005, Employee #1, of Quest Construction, cut several pieces of soffit on the ground for his co-workers who were working from a pump jack scaffold. He then began to move a 32 ft tall aluminum extension ladder that was propped against the south side of a single-family home under construction. Because this ladder did not have a rope, he had to move it while it was extended. Employee #1 was carrying the ladder when it fell backward into a 7,620-volt phase-to-ground distribution line and he was electrocuted. The power line was about 18 ft from the house and 10 ft from the base of the ladder.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on December 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction contr actor, was engaged in erection work at a one-story multifamily residential build ing project.  He was walking on top of the walls and preparing to install roof j oists when he fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted a nd treated for leg fractures (fibula and tibia).
fall_fatal	At 6:45 p.m. on February 12, 2017, an employee, a 38 year old, male painter, was painting the ceiling of an existing commercial building, and then fell 11.5 foo t high mobile frame scaffold to the ground.  As a result, the employee sustained multiple injuries and then died, on February 13, 2017.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 21, 2015, an employee was removing trash and scrap wood from inside an apartment building on the third story balcony.  The employee slid on the plywood floor, grabbed an unstable guardrail, and fell approximately 21 feet to ground level. The employee was hospitalized with a fractured femur and d islocated hip.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on April 2, 2014, Employee #1 was filling the hopper tank of a Cas e IH Floater applicator with fertilizer as the coworker was operating the Case I H Floater in reverse. Employee #1 was struck by the rear tire. Employee #1 was k illed.
caught_fatal	At 1:12 p.m. on August 9, 2021, an employee was holding a welding curtain when h e was caught between an aerial lift basket and the building wall. The employee w as killed due to being crushed and asphyxiated.
electrocution_fatal	An employee working from an aluminum pump-jack scaffold was installing a metal drip edge on the roof of a bay window. As he was handling the drip edge, it contacted a 7.2-kilovolt overhead power line. The employee received an electric shock and fell approximately 7.3 meters to the ground, striking his head against the curb as he landed. Emergency medical services air lifted the injured employee to a hospital, where he died 3 days later of head injuries suffered in the accident.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on June 11, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s working on the roof of a commercial building.  He was crimping the side/edge o f the metal roof.  The employee removed his safety rope.  He fell, a fall height of approximately 14.5 feet, and struck the concrete surface.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured wrist and jaw .
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 p.m. on April 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a pipeline company, wa s engaged in dust control at the site of a water pipeline installation along a r oad.  A passerby found Employee #1 unconscious and called for emergency services .  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a shoulder contusion with some nerve injury.  During the subsequent investigati on, Employee #1 reported that he had no memory of the event that caused him to l ose consciousness, and there were no eyewitnesses.  He did report that he had be en attempting to connect the water tank trailer to his work truck.  He appears t o have sustained a struck by injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:50 a.m. on August 24, 2018, Employee #1 was welding lintels in the ceiling , while standing in a scissor lift, with the platform extended into the path of personnel hoist.  The Scissor lift Platform was inadvertently, struck from (belo w) by a moving personnel hoist car and as a result, Employee #1 was then crushed between the (upper) scissor's lift guardrail and the ceiling. Employee #1 then sustained a broken arm and wrist, collapsed lung, blood clot in his lungs, and k idney damage.  Afterwards, he was transported to the hospital and released after approximately two days.
caught_fatal	On January 8, 2020, an employee was working for a fuel oil dealer. He was the fi rm's coowner. He was pumping fuel from a truck into a tank at a worksite. The fu el wasn't flowing, so the employee crawled under the truck to open valves. His c lothes got caught in a PTO drive shaft. He sustained fatal injuries. He was kill ed.
caught_nonfatal	 On March 27, 2011, Employee was moving the hydraulic hoses, since the hose guard system was missing, on the Sky Jack 66 TK aerial lift. When he got his hand caught in the mast of the aerial lift. Employee was taken to hospital for injuries. Injuries consisted of the ring and middle fingers of left hand requiring surgery and pins were placed in hand.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on February 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a drywall constructi on company, was engaged in drywall finishing work at a multiemployer constructio n project, a commercial building.  He was climbing a Baker scaffold to access th e work platform when he fell, a fall height of approximately 4 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for fractures to his wrist and arm.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 3, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in roofing repair work at a two-story residential structure.  He ac cessed the roof to remove and relocate his fall protection anchor.  Before he co uld complete this process, he slid down and off the roof, a fall height of 11 fe et.  The employee landed on an upright metal clothes line post.  He was transpor ted to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a punctured lung and multiple rib fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on November 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working at a multiemployer job site.  He was on a shop roof and assisting in the roof's removal when he fell through a section where the roofing materials h ad been removed, a fall height of approximately 23 feet.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured spine and multiple ribs.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on March 5, 2016, an employee was unhooking a load by removing the sling from the wood piling. As the employee released the sling fro m the load, the hook swung a few feet and struck his hard hat. The employee rece ived head injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:40 p.m. on July 25, 2019, Employee #1 was operating a Gradall forklift, mo ving a chicken feed tank. The forklift mast came in contact with the overhead 12 K high voltage power line that was across the dirt path. The employee was electr ocuted and killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:20 a.m. on January 8, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker were moving equipmen t down an alley as part of a residential renovation project.  Employee #1 was op erating a Ditch Witch trencher and his coworker was operating an aerial lift beh ind Employee #1.  The aerial lift rear-ended the trencher, and Employee #1 susta ined internal crushing injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on April 2, 2014, Employee #1 and three coworkers wer e replacing an existing single-phase conductor with a three-phase conductor on a utility pole.  Employee # 1 was working from the elevated bucket of a truck-mou nted aerial device on the east side of a utility pole. The east side of the pole consisted of live overhead line, 14,400 volts. The west side of the pole consis ted of the new dead overhead lines being installed. Employee #1 came into contac t with the live lines and was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construct ion company, was engaged in removing a concrete form at a construction jobsite. He was anchored to the form so that he could attach a crane's hook.  The crane then would lower the form to the ground.  When Employee #1 climbed the form, it became unbalanced and fell.  Employee #1 rode the form to the ground, a fall hei ght of 10 feet, and was injured on impact.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured hip and contusions.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 8, 2015, an employee was guiding a gasoline tamper from a C ase brand 580 Super L loader backhoe bucket as it was lowered into an excavation .  The backhoe fell into the excavation as the backhoe bucket was lowered and fe ll on top of the employee; crushing the employee.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on September 12, 2017, Employee #1, Coworker #1, and their employer , Coworker #2, from a solar energy services company, were engaged in cleaning th e solar panels on the roof of a commercial building.  The roof's surface was wet from both rain the night before and water Coworkers #1 and #2 were spraying as part of the cleaning process.  This resulted in puddles forming on the roof's su rface, which created an electrical ground.  Electricity arced from nearby 12-kil ovolt power lines to an aluminum pole that Employee #1 held, and Employee #1 sus tained a high-voltage electric shock.  Still gripping the aluminum pole, he fell from the roof.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including third degree burns to his arms and left foot.  Due to the severity of his burns, three toes required amputation.     The employee was just getting started to cl ean solar panels on the roof of a commercial building. The employee was using an aluminum pole as part of the cleaning process.  It had just rained the nigh bef ore and the ground (on the roof) was still wet.  The employer and a co-worker we re also spraying water as part of the cleaning process and puddles had formed cr eating an electrical ground.  High-voltage power lines were in the vicinity and since they were standing on a rooftop the employee was very close to the same el evation as the high-voltage lines.  The 12-kilovolt high-voltage line arced to t he aluminum pole causing current to course through the employee, this caused him to grip the pole and fall to the ground.   Electric shock, with injuries sustai ned which include, third degree burns to his arms and left foot, the end result being amputation of three toes. High voltage from the nearby 12KV power lines.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on May 24, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction c ompany, was engaged in steel erection work for a new multifamily residential str ucture.  He was connecting rebar when the rebar cage shifted, pinning him betwee n an earth wall and the rebar cage.  The employee was transported to the hospita l and admitted for treatment of abdominal bruising and internal bleeding.
caught_nonfatal	On December 11, 2008, Employee #1 was operating a Kubota tractor. He parked the tractor, leaving it running in neutral, and exited to the right. The tractor rolled forward and caught his leg, pulling him down and running over his torso. He was hospitalized with a fractured hip.
caught_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on June 2, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were constructing a car port.  Employee #1, working from a basket attached to the forks of a rough terra in forklift, was placing purlins on top of the carport.  His coworker was operat ing the forklift.  Employee #1 needed to move forward to extend the purlins.  Hi s coworker began to move the forklift forward.  The coworker then inadvertently hit the accelerator when he meant to hit the brake.  Employee #1 was caught betw een the steel support and the forklift, and his head and neck sustained crushing injuries.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was preparing to complete a re-roofing project at a two-story single family residenc e.  He had climbed to the roof and had traveled approximately 15 feet when he fe ll, a fall height of 22 feet.  Employee #1 was impaled by a bush's branch.  Emer gency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a back injury from the impalement, plus multiple r ib fractures, a fractured vertebra, and a collapsed lung.  The subsequent invest igation determined that no fall protection was being used at the time of the fal l.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 27, 2018, an employee was inside an engineered trench box/ shoring system and was compacting fill at about 4 feet deep.  A coworker attache d a bridal chain from a CAT 420D pick point so that a linear rail could be lifte d out with a backhoe.  The backhoe was not large enough to remove the rail and t he hook and chain slackened so additional bridal legs could be attached.  The ra il spun around and the safety latch on the hook broke, allowing the rail to fall into the trench box and striking the employee in the head, killing him.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:23 p.m. on April 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a heating and plumbing company, was engaged in the renovation of a two-story building.  He was working from an aerial lift and guiding a length of 4 PVC pipe being lifted by a crane i nto the chimney.  After the rigging that held the pipe was removed, Employee #1 adjusted the pipe in the chimney.  The pipe dropped approximately 4 additional f eet, and riser clamps attached to the pipe dropped onto Employee #1's right inde x finger, crushing the finger and amputating the fingertip.  Employee #1 receive d medical treatment at the hospital and was released.
caught_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 4, 2016, a supervisor and Employee #1 were using a forkl ift (make: Toyota; model: 7FGCU25; serial: 68596) to transport a wooden crate fi lled with plate glass from a warehouse to a loading dock. The crate measured 109 inches long by 30 inches wide by 63 inches high. As the supervisor operated the forklift, Employee #1 stood on its forks along with the crate to help stabilize the load. When they were close to the loading dock, where a flatbed truck was w aiting to receive the crate, the load shifted and fell forward onto Employee #1, pinning him between the crate and the ground. He suffered a fractured skull and a brain injury, resulting in his death.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:56 p.m. on August 17, 2018, an employee was working from a ladder preparing a surface for painting. As the employee descended a nine foot ladder, he slippe d and fell three feet. The employee received multiple fractures to his left foot .
caught_nonfatal	At 6:30 a.m. on May 17, 2018, an employee and coworker were rotating a 30,000 ga llon asphalt cement storage tank on six 20 foot drum rollers.  While the coworke r was using the roller controls, the tank rotated in the wrong direction and sta rted to rotate out of control.  The employee attempted to stop the rotation by p lacing an angle iron between the tank and rollers and he was caught in the nip p oint, suffering crushing injuries to his right forearm and wrist.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on June 28, 2018, an employee was climbing down a ladder when the ladder fell to the ground.  The employee fractured his leg and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	On July 19, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an information techno logy services company, were installing a roof hatch at a work site.  Employee #1 lifted one end of the roof hatch to insert a wood board underneath the edge.  H e slipped on some insulation and slid the roof hatch forward, exposing an open h ole.  Employee #1 fell through the hole, a fall height of approximately 16.5 fee t.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration above his eye.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on September 17, 2018, an employee was cutting fifteen inch concre te pipe with a saw when the saw bladed kicked back and struck the employee on th e shoulder. The employee received a laceration to his shoulder.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on March 20, 2017, an employee was working for a contractor for el ectrical substations, overhead and underground distribution systems, and large d rilled foundations. He was doing electrical utility work. He was working from th e bucket of a derrick truck and he was taking a measurement of an electric condu ctor believed to be deenergized. For an unspecified reason, there was an electri cal fault. An arc flash or electric arc occurred. The worker sustained burns, an d he was hospitalized. The employer's representative stated that no contact was made with the power line.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 21, 2017, an employee was standing on a scaffold and r emoving banding from a cube of bricks. The employee fell approximately 13 feet b etween the scaffold and the building surface where he was installing bricks. The employee struck a wooden patio with loose bricks and fractured his spine, which he was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on September 14, 2017, two employees were looking into the back of an electrical cabinet at an ABB SACE E3S 32 690 volt, 2000 amp circuit breaker a nd were looking in the back of the cabinet when an arc flash occurred. Both empl oyees suffered burns and were hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on March 23, 2009, Employees #1 and #2, and 10 coworkers were manually lifting a framed balloon wall that another crew had just finished building. As the crew raised the wall to shoulder height, they realized that the wall was too heavy. One by one each ran from beneath the wall. The extra weight added by several employees leaving, caused Employees #1 and #2 to become caught beneath the wall edge. Both Employees #1 and #2 were taken to a nearby hospital, where they were hospitalized and treated for their injuries. Employee #1 suffered a cracked vertebra, while Employee #2 received treatment for a torn right rotator cuff. The accident investigation revealed that none of the crew that participated in the manual lift of the framed wall had received any training as outlined in the OSHA Safety and Health Information Bulletin (SHIB), Hazards of Manually Lifting Balloon Framed Walls, November 17, 2005.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in the construction of a two-story commercial building.  He was insi de the building and preparing for spray painting by spreading a plastic covering to prevent overspray.  The employee fell through a floor opening, a fall height of 13 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractures to his wrist and ankle.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 a.m. on April 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in repairing the roof of a one-story building.  As he walked on the roof , a weak part of the surface collapsed and he fell through, a fall height of 15 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 20, 2018, an employee was climbing down a ladder from t he roof and fell.  The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on May 2, 2009, Employee #1, a control engineer, was checking a baggage conveyor (Armor Start Control Module Number 8, CS2) mounted on a wall. While attempting to stand up, he lost his balance, and fell. He tried to grab the exterior frame of the baggage conveyor system. During the fall, the employee's hand went between the moving belt and roller. Employee #1 sustained unspecified injuries and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:50 a.m. on February 2, 2019, an employee was driving a tug on the ramp and had a seizure.  The employee fell off of the tug onto the pavement and struck hi s head, sustaining a concussion.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on August 5, 2019, an employee worked from a scissor lift to tack weld a column into place. After realizing that the column was backwards, the emp loyee used a grinder to cut the welds. After cutting three of the welds, the emp loyee began to twist the column after the fourth and final weld was halfway cut. The column began to fall over, the employee held the column to push it away whe n the scissor lift fell over. The employee fell with the lift and was hospitaliz ed to treat fractures to the hip and left elbow.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 1, 2016, Employee #1 was working from a ladder to install a fabricated header. The header was held in place by a 6 inch by 6 inch wooden post that was stabilized through the use of a floor jack.  As Employee #1 was on the ladder, the post came loose, striking the ladder.  Employee #1 fell from th e ladder, striking his neck against a 10 inch piece of wood. The wood piece punc tured his carotid artery and Employee #1 died.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on January 25, 2019, an Employee was moving boxes from one pallet t o another while standing on it when several boxes fell , knocking him from the p allet.  The employee sustained several neck injuries when he fell to the concret e floor and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:49 a.m. on June 6, 2017, an employee was working in a warehouse. While in a isle #21, selecting items, a coworker was in a neighboring aisle, #30, and unint entionally bumped a pallet of paper towels. The pallet fell into isle #21 and st ruck the employee in the head. The employee sustained a mild concussion and a la ceration to the back of his head.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 14, 2019, an employee was leaving his worksite towards a bui lding exit when he walked into a forklift path. The employee was struck by the t ail end of the forks of a powered industrial vehicle (PIV) driven by a coworker. The employee incurred a broken foot and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:10 p.m. on March 28, 2019, an employee was working on a crew that was taske d with pouring a cement foundation for high mast light poles. The employee was s tanding/sitting on the rear of a boom truck as the boom truck operator removed a 41.83 foot tremie pipe used to pour the cement.  As the pipe was laid on the gr ound, the boom contacted a 7,620 Volt overhead power line. The boom truck was en ergized and the employee was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on February 9, 2019, an employee was working for a firm that manufa ctured miscellaneous wood products, such as mulch, shavings, and firewood. He wa s removing frozen soil from the inside of a conveyor wing pulley. As he was reac hing into the conveyor wing pulley, the conveyor system activated. The wing pull ey began rotating. His arm was caught in the rotating wing pulley. He suffered m ultiple fractures to his radius, ulna, and humerus. He was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on November 17, 2017, an employee was installing OSB sheeting onto a roof. During work, he fell off the roof's edge and landed on his head.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on October 23, 2015, a 38 year old male employee was assembling, in stalling and testing the coupling of a heavy steel piping in a pressure release valve room. The employee was alone at the time of the incident. It appears, that the employee possibly struck the existing assembled piping with the framing of the scissor lift, from which the employee was working in to raise himself to the work zone, causing the piping to break away. The employee was struck on the hea d by the steel coupling from the piping assembly and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:30 a.m. on July 14, 2011, Employee #1, with Ross Dress for Less, was operating a Raymond stand-up forklift (SU 704, Serial Number R30- 06-12414) in a warehouse distribution center. He traveled down a ramp with a trailing load of wood pallets. His focus was on the load rather than his direction of travel. When Employee #1 realized the forklift was about to hit a retaining wall, he attempted to jump from the forklift. His left leg became pinned between it and the wall. Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment. His leg was surgically amputated below his knee.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on July 22, 2015, an employee was inspecting the plumbing under a residential home and was electrocuted from a plug-in lamp that was used.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 17, 2017, Employee #1, a carpenter/joister employed by a c onstruction company, was engaged in carpentry work at the construction site for a multifamily residential building.  He was walking up the wall wood plate, appr oximately 9 feet above the third floor's wooden floor, and going over a rebar ho ld down.  Employee #1's leg became caught by the metal rebar hold down.  Employe e #1 lost his balance and fell to the floor, breaking a wooden brace during his fall.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture of the third lumbar (lower b ack) vertebra.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a residential building project.  He was working from an aerial li ft and installing exterior insulation on a house.  Employee #1 touched an insula tion panel to an electrical power line service drop and was shocked and burned. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital .  He was admitted and treated for electrical shock and electrical burns to his right hand.
electrocution_fatal	On November 16, 2006, Employee #1 was in a truck-mounted aerial lift bucket trying to restore power to some homes after a cutout had blown, causing a circuit to open. He was using a "shotgun stick" either to pull vines away from a pole or to take the tip off a primary phase line when he contacted either wet green vines or the stinger wire. Employee #1 was electrocuted. He was wearing leather work gloves, though properly rated rubber gloves were inside the bucket.
electrocution_fatal	On July 9, 2008, a maintenance man for a swimming pool company was attempting to find a leak in the pool liner. The pool was 16 ft wide and 32 ft long. It was a total of 3 ft deep on the shallow end and 8 ft on the deep end. It was filled with water approximately 4 ft deep on the deep end and 18 in. on the shallow end. The maintenance man was using a Brownie's Third Lung Surface Supplied Breathing Air System while working underwater to locate the leak. The compressor was plugged into an extension cord that was missing the grounding pin. A GFCI outlet was being used. When the homeowners arrived home, they found the worker floating face up in the pool and unresponsive. The compressor and part of the extension cord were in the pool. He was pronounced dead at the scene. An autopsy report concluded that the maintenance man died of electrocution.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 19, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction site development company, was helping to install a silt fence near a pond.  The rear of a truck, as it rounded a turn, struck and ran over her.  Employee #1 was kil led.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 25, 2017, an employee was working in a suspended ceiling grid installing fire sprinkler piping.  The employee came into contact with liv e electrical wiring.  The employee was pulled of ladder by his Foreman and both fell to the floor.  The employee injured his shoulder on impact with concrete fl oor.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 4:15 p.m. on March 30, 2009, Employee #1, a laborer, was working for an employer specializing in providing drivers and crane services. Employee #1 was observing equipment being lifted by a mobile crane through a pit in a buildings floor. The pit measured approximately 11 feet long by 9 feet wide by 12 feet deep. While the crane was using a cable and pulley to lift a large motor through the pit opening, Employee #1 stood close to the pit. The motor was to be pulled up beyond the pit opening, as well as through an opening in the roof of the building. As the motor swayed during the lift, Employee #1 pushed the motor with his right hand to limit its sideways movement. His right hand came between the cranes pulley and the cable, causing lacerations, and the amputation of his right pinky finger at its first joint. The employer witnessed the accident and signaled for the crane to reverse its movement of the cable for Employee #1 to remove his hand. Employee #1 was taken by a coworker to Hanford Community Medical Center, where he was hospitalized and treated for the amputation of the tip of one of his fingers. The accident investigation determined that the crane operator was located outside the building, where the motor was being retrieved, and was unable to see the operations. The crane operator was relying on the employer to provide signals.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 10, 2022, a four person crew was installing a 6-foot by 48 -inch diameter pipe into a concrete effluent box at a new water treatment facili ty. The crew used a variety of materials/equipment to seat the 48-inch diameter pipe, including chain hoists, chokers, and a 6-foot by 4-inch steel spreader bea m (traditionally used during lifting loads with a crane).  The crew arranged the chain hoists and chokers to provide pulling tension to the spreader beam, which was secured by the two hoists at the open end of the pipe.  A hoist was secured to opposite ends of the spreader beam.  The spreader beam was the method by whi ch the crew attempted to apply an equal force across the circumference of the pi pe.   A chain link snapped on one of the chain hoists.  The chain break caused t he spreader beam to swing/rotate and the swinging 6-foot by 4-inch bar struck an employee. The employee was struck by a 6-foot by 4-inch steel spreader beam in the chest, causing fatal injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On May 21, 2009, Employee #1, a machine operator, was changing the bucket on a front-end loader with the help of a coworker. Employee #1 put his finger in the pinch area just as his coworker began operating the controls, pinching and amputating his finger.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on July 14, 2019, Employee #1, a foreman employed by an asphalt pav ing contractor, was working at the employer's headquarters, where a horizontal t ank containing asphalt was kept.  He was using a hose to add water to the tank t hrough an unguarded hatch on the tank's top.  An agitator was operating inside t he tank to mix the water and the asphalt.  The agitator caught either the hose o r the employee's right hand, and the hand was drawn into the tank, where it was caught between the edge of the agitator blade and the tank's inner wall.  The em ployee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a degloving injury to the hand.
caught_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on November 12, 2021, an employee was monitoring the forklift. The employee ran towards the moving forklift, while the operator wasn't looking, an d got caught in the front left wheel and was crushed in the abdomen.  The employ ee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On December 11, 2007, Employee #1 and a coworker were painting along and under the eave of an apartment building. When they completed their work, they were standing up their ladder to remove it from the area when it contacted the A-phase, 7,680-volt power lines that were 8 ft 6 in. from the eave of the building. At the time of contact, both workers were standing on the ground. Employee #1, who was pulling on the rope to lower the upper section of the ladder, was electrocuted. His coworker was holding the ladder with his hands, and sustained burns to both his hands and his feet. The power lines were 28 ft 6 in. above the ground.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 27, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in stacking metal bars .  A metal bar rolled off the stack and crushed/lacerated the employee's right m iddle finger.   The employee required medical treatment for this injury but was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on February 28, 2015, Employee #1 was killed from fall from elevate d scissor lift.
fall_fatal	At 4:30 a.m. on July 29, 2021, an employee was climbing down an extension ladder after securing a tarp as a coworker held the ladder for him. The ladder slipped on the sidewalk causing the employee to fall and hit his head on the concrete. The employee suffered blunt force injuries to his head an was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 26, 2020, an employee was pulling wire from an electrica l cabinet. At some point, the employee made contact with a live wire or other li ve electrical component in the electrical cabinet. The employee was killed by el ectrocution.
caught_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 17, 2016, an employee performing masonry concrete finishi ng from a swing stage scaffold without a means of fall protection fell and died. The scaffold was displaced when the roll of steel cable hoist line was caught i n the wheels of a moving cement truck. The employee fell and was killed.
caught_fatal	On August 14, 2013, Employee #1 was servicing a truck at a raw almond processing facility. He had completed a pre-operation vehicle check on a 10-wheeled, bob-tailed dump truck. The engine was left running as he tilted the cab forward to access the engine compartment. While on the passenger's side, he lowered the cab down and the truck began to travel forward under its own power. He went around the truck's front to the driver's side door as the truck traveled. The truck ran into a self-dumping grape gondola trailer parked approximately 20 feet away, and he was caught between the two vehicles, sustaining crushing injuries that killed him.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:03 p.m. on July 25, 2018, an employee was in in the process of renovating t he kitchen of the residence.  As a part of the renovation, new appliances, which require updated electrical wiring, were installed. The employee was found with his head and arms were in the area of the garbage disposal (under the kitchen si nk) and his feet were tucked up under the lower trim lip of a nearby, newly inst alled, island. The employee was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On June 28, 2006, Employee #1 and a coworker were performing routine electrical work during a remodeling project. They were moving some electrical lines from an old 480-volt subpanel to a new 480-volt subpanel to meet new electrical codes. Employee #1 died of apparent electrocution. He was found about 12 ft from any live electrical source, although he may have contacted an energized connector while working on the panel.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on February 4, 2017, Employee #1 and coworker (crane operator) were tasked with  hoisting/rigging operations involving the staging of metal and str eetlight poles, on the ground next to their designated pole foundations until fu lly erected/mounted.  While the (coworker) raised the boom of a [Manitowoc C-Ser ies Crane], e.g., boom truck crane, Employee #1's (left foot) remained on the (r im) of the crane's rear wheel, and he then grabbed a metal, streetlight pole wit h his (right) hand.  Afterwards, the hoisting cable (on the boom's topside), con tacted high voltage power lines.  Employee #1 then suffered immediate electrical shock, fell to the ground and lost consciousness. He sustained an entry wound ( palm of hand proximal to right thumb) and an exit wound (topside side of his lef t big toe), each resulting in 3rd degree burns.  Employee #1 was wearing standar d PPE, e.g., hard hat, safety glasses, gloves, steel-toed boots, and a reflectiv e class II vest.  Employee #1 was trained in "hoisting and rigging operations", but not Overhead Power Line Procedures.  Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, and then taken to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center. He was admitted and h ospitalized for 1 day.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:30 p.m. on September 27, 2017, Employee #1, a truck driver, had attached two trailers to his tractor trailer truck using a converter dolly t o connect the other trailer. He had helped another driver with the same task. Em ployee #1 was either moving between or standing between the other driver's trail er and converter dolly to aid with connecting them, when the driver moved the tr uck. Employee #1 was caught between one of the trailers and the converter dolly and suffered crushing injuries to his chest with features of traumatic asphyxia that killed him.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 9, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in roofing repair at a residential structure.  He was cutting underl ayment near the roof's edge when he fell and struck the concrete driveway, a fal l height of 18 feet.  Employee #1 sustained multiple blunt force traumatic injur ies, including cerebral frontal pole contusions, multiple fractures of the spine , rib fractures,  Employee was cutting underlaying near the edge of the roof. Em ployee fell off the edge of the roof onto the concrete driveway. Multiple blunt force injuries, including: cerebral frontal pole contusions, C5 T10 L2 and L4 fr actures, bilateral rib fractures, internal hemorrhaging, and cerebral edema.  Em ployee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:18 a.m. on June 18, 2019, an employee was replacing the wear pads on the ci rcle assembly of a Cat Model 12M3 Motor Grader. The employee had removed the cir cle assembly, including the bolts which hold the turntable and moldboard (scrape r blade), when the moldboard fell on the employee causing leg fractures and requ iring hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 22, 2019, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a state highway department, were preparing a section of freeway for repair/m aintenance work.  They were working as a team to close a shoulder lane and and e stablish a highway work zone.  Coworker #1 was in front, operating the arrow boa rd truck which carried cones and traffic signs.  Employee #1, traveling on the t ruck, was tasked with setting up traffic signs.  Coworker #2 was operating the s hadow truck and watching the heavy traffic through his rear view mirror while dr iving behind the cone truck.  The shadow truck's function was to protect employe es from traffic hazards.  Coworker #1 stopped the cone truck.  Employee #1 exite d the cone truck and began to assemble the traffic signs.  Coworker #2 did not n otice that the cone truck had stopped and that Employee #1 was on the back side of the arrow board.  Coworker #2 continued to drive forward, and Employee #1 was caught and crushed between the shadow truck and the arrow board trailer.  Emerg ency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a right knee injury, a head laceration, and a right shoulder blade contusion.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on September 5, 2018, an employee was standing on a top plate insta lling sheathing. At some point, the employee fell approximately nineteen feet th rough a basement stairway opening. The employee incurred a head fracture.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:10 p.m. on July 26, 2016, Employee #1 was operating a bull d ozer when it rolled over, killing him.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 25, 2021, an employee was operating forklift to move pos ts from the rear of a property to the front. A Komatsu 150 FA crane was blocking the path of the forklift at the rear of the property. The employee entered cran e to move it out of the way. He was not visible to coworkers at the time he was driving the crane. An individual who lived nearby notified a coworker the employ ee was down and was hurt. The coworker approached the crane and found the employ ee laying on the ground. The employee had been struck by the crane, severely inj uring and killing him.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:30 a.m. on October 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was setting up a precast concrete bed at a commercial facility.  His finger b ecame caught in a pinch point and was amputated.  The employee was transported t o the hospital, admitted, and treated for the amputation.
caught_fatal	At approximately 6:00 a.m. on December 30, 2020, an employee was placing a jack- stand under the head of the trailer. The tractor used to park the trailer rolled backward into the employee and the trailer.  The tractor rolled backward and cr ushed the employee between the coupling of the tractor and trailer (5th wheel). The employee was killed from these injuries.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on April 27, 2018, an employee was masking or taping a ceiling beam while on a 6 foot stepladder.  The employee fell from the ladder and struck his head on the ground.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 28, 2002, Employee #1 was on a ladder, installing light fixtures in a new restaurant under construction. He was connecting a fixture when he received an electrical shock and became grounded. To clear himself from the 277-volt circuit, Employee #1 threw himself off of the ladder and fell to the ground. He sustained injuries to his head, forearm, and back, for which he was hospitalized. Employee #1 failed to re-energize the circuit prior to starting work.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 3:15 p.m. on August 25, 2009, Employee #1, of Larry Villasenor dba Villasenor Construction, was performing electrical work. While conducting electrical work, he dropped a wrench into an energized electrical panel causing an electric arc. Employee #1 was treated for second degree burns to his face and arms.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 4, 2020, an employee was ejected from a bulldozer while ope rating the vehicle due to an unspecified reason. The employee chased the bulldoz er and eventually caught up to it and after several attempts, gained access to t he machine to shut it down. The employee then became caught in the bulldozer tra ck, pulled under the bulldozer, and killed by unspecified crushing injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working from the roof of a commercial building.  He was applying new roofing ma terials when his tool belt was caught on a protruding metal flashing.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell off the roof to the paved sidewalk, a fall height o f less than 15 feet.  He landed on his feet.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fract ured right leg tibia.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on July 10, 2019, an employee was inside an electrical vault splici ng electrical cables on a deenergized and grounded circuit. The employee mistake nly started a cut into the live phase C cable of the circuit creating an arc fla sh. The employee sustained second degree burns to his face and forearms and also eye injuries which resulted in a hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	On July 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working a t a commercial site.  He was in an 8-foot trench and measuring its depth to find existing pipes when the trench collapsed onto the employee.  The employee was t ransported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to the collar bone, elbow, and multiple ribs.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 27, 2015, an employee was working in a single point boatsw ain chair which was located on the northwest side of a 110 foot high Horton Type Water Tower.  Several company-made boatswain chairs were located along the top rail of the guardrail and anchored by large open hooks.  The boatswain chairs us ed a block and tackle which required the user to tie a knot to the tackle portio n to secure the chair.  The employee was struggling to move the scaffold vertica lly and disconnected his vertical lifeline. The employee fell approximately 90 f eet to the ground when the hoist line for the boatswain chair broke and he was k illed by blunt force trauma to the head.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on May 1, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s installing a water main at a military facility.  He was operating an excavator when the excavator's hydraulic line burst.  The employee was struck by the exca vator bucket.  He was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for tre atment of a fractured right arm and internal organ damage.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 6, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in roofing work at a single family residential building. He was cl imbing a ladder to access the roof when he experienced a medical event that caus ed him to lose consciousness.  Employee #1 fell from the ladder to the ground, a fall height of 8 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for traumatic brain injury and injuries to the head and multiple other parts of his body.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on January 6, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a cons truction company, were working at a multiemployer highway project.  The coworker was operating a Kobelco Excavator being used to move auger rods.  Employee #1 h ad just positioned himself next to an auger rod to act as spotter when the excav ator pushed the auger rod forward.  The auger rod struck and rolled over Employe e #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital, admitted, and treated for fractures to his left leg tibia and fibula bon es.
electrocution_nonfatal	A journeyman meter installer was installing an electric meter. The base assembly failed, causing an electrical fault. The ensuing electric arc burned the employee. She was hospitalized with burns to her face.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 8, 2018, an employee was using a Grizzly GO490 Jointer wh ile planning the edge of a piece of wood.  The employee pushed the wood over the cutting of the jointer with his left hand when it slipped and struck the cuttin g edge, lacerating the tip of his left hand's pinky.  The employee was transport ed to the Stacey Medical Center, where his fingertip was amputated.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on December 19, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing work at a residential building.  After adjusting a bundle of roofing material, the employ ee was walking back to exit the roof when his foot slipped on a metal sheeting. The employee fell, a fall height of 10.5 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured left wrist.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:45 p.m. on July 14, 2016, Employee #1 was in a basket trimmin g a tree.  A rope connected to a branch and the basket broke.  Employee #1 was c atapulted out of the basket, fell and died.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 29, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s engaged in roofing repair work at a three-story residence.  He was attempting to climb a ladder that was set up improperly, with the ladder's feet sitting on previously removed roofing debris and the ladder braced against a ladder pick. The ladder slipped on the debris, and the employee fell, first landing face down on the porch roof, then rolling off the porch roof and  falling into bushes.  T he employee, who fell a total of 22 feet and sustained a severe cervical spine i njury, was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 6:00 a.m. on December 9, 2013, Employee #1, a truck driver, was working at Recreational Equipment Incorporated retail facility. The employee was walking behind a truck and trailer when it rolled back pinning and crushing him between the loading dock and the truck. Employee #1 was transported to an area hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on June 14, 2022, an employee was working as part of a road paving crew and was taping over a manhole cover when he was run over by a truck that wa s backing up. The employee was crushed, suffered traumatic injuries to his torso , and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	On April 2, 2014, Employee #1 was working with Coworker #1, the owner of the residential construction company where Employee #1 was employed. They were engaged in interior tile work at a residence. Employee #1 was holding the edge of a sheet of .25-inch cement backer board while Coworker #1 used a Skilsaw power saw to make cuts in the board. Coworker #1 made lengthwise cuts on each side of the board and was making a 4-inch cut to complete the process of cutting the board into three pieces. As Coworker #1 made this final cut, Employee #1 held a small section of the board to prevent the board from falling, which could cause the saw to kick back or the blade to break off. Employee #1's right thumb moved on the board and into the path of the saw blade. Employee #1's right thumb came into contact with the saw blade and was amputated. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the amputation. Employee #1 underwent surgery, during which his thumb was reattached successfully. This event was investigated by Cal/OSHA beginning April 29, 2014.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 27, 2020, an employee worked to install a new roof on an existing home. While standing on the roof, the employee lost balance and fell a pproximately nine feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat eight rib fractur es and contusions to internal organs.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 27, 2017, Employee #1 was working from a step stool to scr ape popcorn from a ceiling. During work, the employee slipped and fell, striking a nearby vanity with his torso. The employee sustained fractures to his ribs, w hich he was hospitalized and received treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on October 26, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction framin g company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a five-story mul tifamily building.  He was on the fifth floor and rolling trusses along a top pl ate in preparation for their installation.  One truss became caught by a pipe, a nd Employee #1 was pulled back.  He fell to the next lower level, a fall height of 9 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a back injury.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 5, 2016, an employee was shoveling rock and breaking co ncrete in one of the bays, when another contractor plumbed a pillar which pulled on a K joist attached to the wall with nails.  The joist fell off the wall and struck the employee and he was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On June 27, 2012, an employee of a concrete subcontractor was working at a new residential construction project in Newport Beach, CA. He was standing on the fourth rung of an 8-foot portable step ladder and attempting to secure a shoring block with a pneumatic nail gun held above his head. The employee's leg became caught between two rungs of the ladder, which caused his left leg to fracture. The employee fell from the ladder. Emergency responders transported the employee to Hoag Hospital, Irvine, CA, where he was hospitalized and required surgery. The employee was a full-time employee for the subcontractor and did not work for a temporary staffing agency. Cal/OSHA was notified of this accident on June 27, 2012.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was in an aerial lift, pulling the middle phase of an overhead power line. He contacted an existing phase conductor and was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 8:27 p.m. on July 9, 2022, an employer and a coworker were removing trash fro m a two-story home under construction.  They were hand carrying bags of trash fr om the job site into the rear of truck using a wooden ramp. The employee fell ap proximately 3-4 feet from the truck ramp.  The employee went to the hospital and later died during surgery.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 28, 2017, an employee was working for a firm engaged i n commercial and institutional building construction. He was plastering a wall a nd was being moved on a rolling scaffold. As that occurred, he may have become e ntangled with overhead wires with a hand tool. He fell off the rolling scaffold, and he sustained head trauma. He was hospitalized for his head injury.
caught_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on October 29, 2018, an employee was filling propane bottles on th e loading dock while under a truck.  The employee's clothing was caught by the r otating PTO shaft and was wrapped around it before being pinned against the truc k's frame.  The employee fractured several bones, including his neck.  The emplo yee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 13, 2014, an employee was installing waterproofing mater ial on a concrete wall.  The employee was working with a coworker a P-series Hyd ro Mobile Scaffolding.  They were at a height of approximately twenty feet.  The employee was applying water proofing and the coworker was installing vent flash ing.  Coworker accessed the scaffolding by prying open a temporary wall enclosur e.  The scaffolding platform was approximately 5 feet above the interior floor o f the building, therefore coworker utilized a folding chair to access/climb onto the scaffolding platform. Sometime later, the employee went to descend the scaf folding to obtain materials.  The employee slipped/tripped on the scaffolding wa lking working platform.   He then fell through the open temporary wall enclosure , striking the metal folding chair.  The employee then fell out of the second fl oor wall opening to the ground. He died on the scene as a result of head injurie s sustained in the fall.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 6:30 p.m. on or about May 5, 2007, Employee #1 and a coworker were dismantling a pump jack scaffold. The scaffold had been built within 23 ft 4 in. of a 24 ft 3.5 in. high overhead high voltage line. The workers were lowering one of the 35 ft 9.25 in. tall scaffold poles when it contacted the 19.9 kilovolt line. Employee #1 was electrocuted and the coworker suffered burns.
struck_fatal	At 11:20 a.m. on October 30, 2015, a foreman sent Employee #1 and Employee #2 fr om the fourth floor to the first floor. The floors in the 100-year old building collapsed. The collapse debris landed on both Employee #1 and Employee #2. Emplo yee #1 was killed and Employees #2  was hospitalized with a broken foot and back injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on August 22, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was at a worksite and preparing to work on an irrigation booster.  As he attempted to de-energize and disconnect a transformer, he disconnected the wr ong transformer, one that was still energized.  An arc flash ensued, and Employe e #1 received flash burns.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for flash burns to app roximately 20 percent of his body.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on November 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection co mpany, was engaged in steel erection work at a multiemployer construction projec t, a commercial building.  He was working from a ladder when the ladder slipped out and fell to the concrete floor.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 15 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to the jaw and hip, and laceration s and contusions.  The subsequent investigation report indicated that the ladder was defective.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:56 p.m. on March 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plastering constructi on company, was working from a scaffold and engaged in exterior trim work at a r esidential construction project.  The scaffold planks were slippery from rain an d plaster, and the scaffold's railing had been removed.  Employee #1 slipped and fell, a fall height of approximately 7 feet.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured wrist. As the EE was working on the trim it was raining and the pla nks were
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 26, 2017, Employee #1, working on an oil well, was holding a pipe wrench for backups while tripping tubing out of the well. The employee's hand became caught between the tongs and the pipe wrench, amputating his finger .
caught_nonfatal	At 2:21 p.m. on May 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete pumping equipme nt rental company, was working at the construction site of a multifamily residen tial project.  Employee #1, operating a 1999 Putzmierter concrete pump truck, ha d delivered concrete to the site.  He then began to perform a washout on the con crete pump truck, a regular procedure operators perform after every delivery.  T his procedure requires that the motor be running in order to operate the pump sy stem.  Employee #1 had the truck's engine on and idling.  As EE1 was rinsing the equipment, he pulled on the water hose.  The hose pressed on the control levers on the side of the equipment, causing the auger to engage and start rotating. A cutout switch that would have shut off power was missing parts, including its guard, and did not work properly.   Employee #1's right foot was caught in the rotating paddles of the auger.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured an kle that required surgery.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on December 14, 2021, an employee worked on a roof and at some poin t, slipped on ice and fell approximately twenty feet. The employee was hospitali zed to treat the unspecified, serious injuries sustained.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 4, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contrac tor, was engaged in exterior painting at a multifamily building construction pro ject.  He was working from an aluminum ladder.  The ladder came into contact wit h power lines, and Employee #1 sustained an electrical shock. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted a nd treated for the electrical injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 7, 2003, Employee #1 was cleaning sawdust and debris out of wooden kitchen cabinets in a new townhouse. He was reaching into a cabinet above a double-wall oven when his right bicep contacted the exposed end of an energized, 240 volt non-metallic sheathed cable. He suffered an electric shock and was transported to the hospital for treatment. The cable was on a shelf inside the cabinet, approximately 67 3/8 in. above the kitchen floor.
electrocution_fatal	On August 18, 2009, Employee #1, a construction worker, and other two crew members were installing a 230-ft television cable line in a residential neighborhood. Employee #1 was working from an aerial lift, which was mounted on a truck. During the course of work, Employee #1's hard hat made contact with an overhead 7,200-V power line. Employee #1 was exposed to an electrical shock and was killed. Neither the aerial lift nor the hard hat was rated for the work on or near the electrical power lines. The lift had a number of stencils advising on hazards associated with overhead power lines.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on October 5, 2005, Employee #1, amputated part of a left middle finger while operating a portable electric drill attached with a metal mixing paddle used for mixing grout. Employee #1 was mixing the tile grout when the employee lowered part of his hand into the bucket. The portable mixer was still moving and Employee's #1 finger became caught on the paddle. Employee #1 suffered a partial amputation of the left middle finger.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 27, 2021, an employee had been driving a dump truck on a road parallel to a irrigation canal. The opposite side of the road sloped down and away from the road. As the employee drove down the road, the shoulder on th e down slope side gave way under the passenger side tires causing the truck to s lide off the road and then roll over several times. The employee was not wearing a seat belt and was struck by the truck when he was ejected killing him.
fall_fatal	At 8:25 a.m. on April 27, 2022, an employee was tearing cedar shake shingles off a 5/12 pitch roof 60 feet off the ground without using the provided fall protec tion. The employee stepped onto a plastic covering on the west side of the roof when he fell. The employee impacted the concrete pavement below head first and w as killed. The narrative indicated that the employee was possibly preparing to t ie off before he started work. The narrative does not explain why he did not com plete tie-off but does indicate PPE may have been insufficient.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on September 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a welding company, was working at a building construction job site.  He was on the roof and removin g a welder's platform (angel wing) from an overhead beam.  Employee #1 held onto the bottom of the metal platform as he tried to unhook it from the beam.  The w elder's platform unhooked and folded, and the folding action pinched Employee #1 's left pinky finger to the first knuckle.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the pinch ing injury.
caught_nonfatal	On March 16, 2013, Employee #1, a permanent mechanic with Crockett Graphics Inc. Dba Los Angeles Paper Box, was setting up operations at the Line 3 (Kidder Printer with Zerand Cutter). He was placing the left gear on when a coworker jogged the machine. The machine pulled Employee #1's right hand in, resulting in an amputation to his right index finger, right middle finger, right ring finger and right pinky finger. Employer #1 was folding a carton plant. The cause of the accident was a failure to de-energize the machine during setting up operations. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at the jobsite for a residential structure.  He was chalking lin es near the edge of the open-sided second floor when he fell to the concrete, a fall height of 10 to 12 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, adm itted, and treated for a concussion and fractures to multiple vertebrae, his rig ht foot, and three toes.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on April 1, 2017, Employee #1, a foreman for a drywall contractor, was working at a commercial building project.  He was standing on a Perry scaffo ld and spraying Monokote material onto a steel beam.  According to the foreman's subsequent report, he slipped, tripped on the spraying hoses, and fell to the c oncrete floor, a fall height of 4 to 5 feet.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for compound fractures to his leg, a dislocated left shoulder, and bruised ribs.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 a.m. on March 17, 2022, an employee was moving an aerial lift, when it t ipped over. The employee was thrown from the lift. The employee suffered broken bones and internal injuries. The employee was killed from falling from the lift.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 11, 2019, Employee #1 was using a scissor lift to access a gas station canopy.  The lift was elevated above canopy when it came into conta ct with overhead electrical power lines.  The employee was shocked and burned. The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of secon d and third degree burns.
caught_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on October 24, 2018, an employee was at a construction site conduct ing duties as a Water Truck Driver which included operating the vehicle, filling the vehicle with water, spraying water and performing daily maintenance as requ ired.  The water truck was a 40,00 gallon Neice Water Truck ( Model Number: WT40 00, Serial Number: 1467). The employee's hair was caught in a moving PTO drive s haft of a water truck, resulting in fatal head injuries.   Through the course of the investigation and employee and employer interviews, it was determined that the  employee was underneath the truck for inspection/maintenance of the truck a t the time of the incident. During the course of the inspection, it was noted th at PTO switch in the truck was malfunctioning. The truck was on the PTO shaft, d espite the PTO switch being in the "off" position. The Project Superintendent an d a coworker claimed that this was not normal. The coworker pointed out other de ficiencies in the electrical switches for the sprayer system in the truck. The s ide sprayers engaged, despite the switches being in the "off" position.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on September 17, 2015, an employee was given instruct ions to unwind an electrical whipout to a light fixture from around a sprinkler pipe in the 9-ft 6-in ceiling. The power had not been turned off to the fixture, and the wires were live. The employee contacted the live wires carrying 277 vol ts and was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	On December 9, 2009, a delivery technician was delivering medical supplies and equipment to residences and hospitals. He was delivering a walker to a patient at a hospital. He stopped his truck (an Isuzu box body delivery truck) in the median in front of a fountain at a medical center in Daytona Beach, Florida. The area where he parked had a slight grade (6 to 7 degrees). He turned off the engine, exited the truck, and locked the cab doors. He was able to remove the ignition key with the automatic gear shift in DRIVE. The parking brake was not set. The technician entered the side door of the box body of the delivery truck to get the walker. The truck started to roll forward as he was exiting the box body of the delivery truck. The technician ran around the back of the truck to the driver's cab door to attempt to reenter the cab to stop the rolling truck. The left front wheel struck the employee's leg, and pulled him down as the truck front wheel ran over him, and then the back wheel ran over him. After running over the employee, the truck continued to roll through the intersection to a parking lot where it struck a light pole. The truck then began to roll backwards, but bystanders were able to stop the truck. The employee was taken into the hospital, where he died from the injuries that he suffered.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1 was helping the owner of the comp any to clean up.  The owner tossed a metal roof anchor off of the roof.  The roo f anchor became stuck on a 7,200 volt overhead power line that ran along the sid e of the house. Employee #1 climbed a portable ladder and attempted to dislodge the anchor plate from the overhead power line.  Employee #1 received an electric al shock and fell approximately 15 feet to the ground below.  Employee #1 had bu rns to both hands.  His gloves had exploded and were burned.  An exit wound was visible on his right triceps.  A smaller exit wound was visible on his right cal f.  A significant amount of blood was visible on the pavement where Employee #1 was found.  Employee #1 sustained severe burns to his hands, arms, and legs afte r making contact with overhead power lines energized to 7,200 volts and was kill ed.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 28, 2020, Employees #1 and #2, day laborers employed by a painting and masonry contractor, were repairing a retaining wall at a job sit e.  They were working on the base of the retaining wall in preparation for a con crete pour.  The two employees had not been trained by the owner of the company on the hazards of working on a retaining wall, and the owner did not have knowle dge or experience with retaining walls or excavations.  Employees #1 and #2 were using a Bosch Electric Grinder (SN 021024766) and a Bosch Electric Drill Hammer 8" pick to dig and clear needed space for a new footing support on the left sid e of the wall.  No support system was used to protect the employees during the e xcavation process, and no underpinning plan was used.  Both the left and right s ides of the wall had been undermined by run off rainfall and/or snowfall for sev eral months including days prior to the incident.  The retaining wall suddenly c ollapsed on the two employees.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force crushing injur ies and was killed.  Employee #2 was hospitalized with critical injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:35 p.m. on August 13, 2012, Employee #1, of Genco ATC Inc., was operating a stand-in type fork lift (CROWN, 5700 Series, Type E & Model Number RD5725-30, designated as Number 311) at a warehousing facility. Employee #1 was making a right turn into an EW aisle (Number 5) to pick up merchandize from racks. As he was making a turn, the lift skidded over a wet floor area. Employee #1 lost control and struck against an upright of the rack. Employee #1's left lower leg was caught between the lift frame and the upright, causing the fracture of left ankle. The lift was not kept under positive control during driving into the aisle as it slid over a wet floor area, thus causing the accident. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital for treatment. Surgery was performed, and Employee #1 was hospitalized for about three days.
electrocution_fatal	An electric utility employee was cutting a conductor from a lighting pole. He contacted a 7620-volt overhead power line and was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 a.m. on January 12, 2022, an employee had  just connected a trailer to h is truck and connected the air brake hoses. The empoyee was inspecting the truck and trailer and as he walked around to the rear of the trailer, the vehicle mov ed and pinned him against another truck parked behind his trailer. The employee stated in that he did not set the parking brake, but in a later interview he sai d he could not rely on the equipment and did not admit to not setting the brakes . Regardless, there was no evidence that the brakes had been set. The employee i ncurred a fractured spine, ribs and internal injuries and was hospitalized for t hree days.
struck_nonfatal	On March 5, 2014, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, of J.R. Pipeline Company, Inc., were engaged in a sewer tunnel rehabilitation project at a sewer/water treatment plant. Employee #1 was riding to the work location in the tunnel, sitting in the bucket of a small skid-steer loader as the loader backed down the tunnel. Coworker #1 was operating the loader. Coworker #1 actuated the control to raise the bucket. Employee #1 struck the top of the tunnel. He was able to exit the tunnel, and was then transported to the hospital. Employee #1 was admitted and treated for injuries to his head and upper torso. This incident was investigated by Cal/OSHA.
caught_nonfatal	On September 2, 2010, Employee #1, a concrete finisher, and two coworkers were pouring concrete in a shaker room for an equipment testing laboratory. They had poured a 16-ft by 16-ft by 4.-ft pad with 1.5-inch spacing around the periphery, separating it from the surrounding floor. To maintain this gap, they had installed spacers during the concrete pour. These spacers consisted of metal grills sandwiched in between two plywood boards. These grills were made of 1.5-inch angle iron header with four metal rebar fingers attached at right angle. The grill structure was 5.33-ft by 2-ft, providing 0.75-inch spacing with the other 0.75-inch spacing provided by the plywood to make up the 1.5-inch gap needed around the shaker pad. The angle iron header on the grill was sticking above the top level of the concrete pour. After the concrete had cured, the workers were removing these spacers, using an overhead crane. They attached a chain onto the header of the spacer grill and then used the crane to pull it out. Employee #1 hooked the chain on the grill and gave the crane operator a signal to pull it out, but he still had his left hand in the chain. When the chain tightened, his left middle fingertip was crushed in-between the chain and the angle iron header of the grill. Employee #1 suffered an amputation of his left middle fingertip. He was treated in the emergency room and released after 5 hours.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on October 27, 2014, an employee was installing lightning arrestin g equipment on power transmission lines. Proper grounding was not used. Personal protective equipment was not used. The employee was electrocuted by an induced voltage from nearby 500kV and 69kV transmission lines.
caught_fatal	At approximately 9:45 p.m. on August 6, 2015, Employee #1 parked his tow truck a nd exited it.  His truck started to roll and he jumped in front of it to try and stop it.  The truck continued to roll and pinned him between his truck and anot her parked truck. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:20 p.m. on September 21, 2017, Employee #1 was driving a 4 wh eel drive aerial lift on a temporary access dirt road. The aerial lift was drive n off the road into an embankment, where it was stuck on loose dirt. While attem pting to free the equipment out of the embankment, Employee #1 was ejected from the lift basket from a height of 20 ft and landing 30 ft away. He fell upon a si lt fence wooden post that impaled into his lower abdominal area and he also suff ered facial trauma when his face struck the ground. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center for his multiple injuries and later died.
struck_fatal	At approximately 6:35 p.m. on June 16, 2015, Employee #1 was standing at the ent rance of an asphalt driveway from a highway waiting for equipment operators to f inish so he could load the equipment on to the trailer parked off the highway on a side street. He was struck by a motor vehicle when he stepped backwards out i nto the highway. The force of the impact knocked him into the air and forward ap proximately 80 feet.  Employee #1 was killed from blunt force trauma to the face , abdomen and lower extremities.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on January 20, 2017, an employee was working from a 6 foot fibergla ss step ladder to install hurricane clips on the face of a building. As he desce nded the ladder, he lost his footing and fell approximately 4 feet to the ground .  The employee sustained a fractured ankle, which he was hospitalized and recei ved treatment.
electrocution_fatal	On July 6, 2004, Employee #1, an HVAC mechanic, was on a stepladder engaged in preventative maintenance on an indoor air handling unit when he contacted an energized 277-volt capacitor for the motor and was electrocuted. He did not de-energize the air handling unit before starting the job.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on January 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing services c ompany, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story residen tial structure.  He was either climbing or descending a ladder when he fell, a f all height of approximately 5 feet, and struck his head against the concrete sla b surface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital, where he was admitted and treated for his fall-related injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on April 3, 2015, Employee #1 was operating a Crown S tand-up Narrow-Reach Isle forklift. He placed a palletized load at floor level u nder the racking system and backed out of the racking system. As the forklift ba cked away, it made a sudden contact with the racking system, causing the collaps e of several cardboard boxes. Employee #1 was struck in the head by the falling cardboard boxes and suffered a hinged fracture to the base of his skull. Employe e #1 was transported to a medical center, where he died.
caught_nonfatal	On January 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was workin g at an oil pipeline construction site.  He was working in an excavation measuri ng 10 feet deep by 12 feet wide and welding a section of pipeline.   A spoils pi le collapsed and caused the sides of the excavation to cave in and the pipeline to be displaced.  Employee #1 was crushed between the pipeline and a trench box. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l.  He was admitted and treated for multiple contusions, bruises, and sprains.
struck_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on September 1, 2020, Employee # 1 was changing out electronic boa rds on a mobile radar unit. Employee # 1 came into contact with a high voltage s ource, and he fell to the ground, striking his head on the way to the ground. Em ployee # 1 was working on equipment while energized and was electrocuted.  The e mployee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on June 25, 2021, an employee and a coworker were installing a 30 f oot flag pole. The flag pole contacted a 28 foot high 14,400 volt power line dur ing erection. The employee was electrocuted and died. The coworker received life threatening electrical burns and shocks, requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 4, 2003, an employee and a coworker were assigned the task of replacing a cross arm on a branch line electric pole, which was about 40-ft high. They had disconnected the branch line from the main line by using hot sticks. After replacing the damaged cross arm they were reconnecting the branch line to the main line when the accident occurred. They had both climbed up a utility pole about 40-ft tall using the appropriate climbing gears. The coworker was about 3-ft higher than the employee, working on the same pole. They were using hot sticks to make tap line connections. The employee was holding the jumper wires in place with a hot stick while the coworker was crimping the installing the connectors onto the lines using another hot stick. During this process, the employee came in contact with an energized line. From the burns, it appears that the current entered through his left palm and exited through his both calves, which were in contact with the pole. The employee suffered third degree burns on both legs and left hand. The employee was hospitalized and treated for electrical burns.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 6, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a forklift. As he ope rated the forklift, his head was caught between a concrete wall and forklift. He suffered a broken jaw and two air bubbles in the base of his skull. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then h ospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 24, 2020, Employee #1 and  a coworker were working, during a trenching and pipeline installation project, located on a new construction wo rksite.  As Employee #1 was applying grease to several bolts, the coworker enter ed a nearby truck, started the ignition and backed-up the vehicle over him.  Aft erwards, Employee #1 then sustained severe crushing injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on February 28, 2007, Employee #1 and coworkers, of Perry County Construction, were moving half of a modular home to a homeowner's site in Berlin, PA. They had transported the unit along paved roads as far as possible. The company owner then began using a Caterpillar 953C tracked front-end loader to tow it between one-quarter and one-half miles across a field to the pre-existing foundation. Employee #1 was serving as a spotter to guide the loader while a friend of his drove a pickup truck that belonged to the owner of Perry County Construction. The president of Perry County Homes, who sold the modular unit, was driving a second pickup truck. The Caterpillar and the two pickup trucks were proceeding slowly across the field when the loader reached an existing home and outbuilding on the property. The loader operator stopped because the overhead utility lines were too low. These consisted of an 11 ft 11 in. high telephone line, a 13 ft 3.5 in. high neutral electrical line, and a 20 ft 6.5 in. high primary 7,200-volt electrical line. Employee #1 climbed onto the track of the front-end loader, lifted the telephone line, and placed it on the roof of the vehicle. The loader operator then moved several feet until the home encountered the electrical wires. Using a ladder belonging to the homeowner, Employee #1 climbed onto the roof of the modular home, which was between 13 ft 3 in. and 14 ft 8 in. high. The homeowner used a plastic rake to push the telephone line and the neutral line up to him, with a warning to stay low. Employee #1 was standing on the roof, holding the telephone and neutral lines in his left hand at about waist height when he apparently raised his right hand and contacted the high voltage primary line. He was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was framing out the rough opening for a replacement window. The employee fell from the opening approximately 6.7 meters to the ground. During the fall, the employee struck the single aluminum plank of a pump-jack scaffold erected approximately 2.1 meters below the window opening, then pitched backward falling to the concrete sidewalk. He struck his head on the sidewalk. He was later pronounced dead at the hospital. The coroner's report indicated that the employee had received an electric shock. Further investigation revealed that the employee, who had his foot on a cast-iron radiator, had been holding a steel tape measure. The tape measure had contacted a nearby 7.2-kilovolt overhead power line. The coroner ruled cause of death as blunt trauma with an additional cause of electrocution.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on September 14, 2018, an employee was working on a re-roofing pro ject at a single-family residence. At some point, the employee stepped onto a ro tted piece of roof sheathing, lost his balance and fell approximately eleven fee t. The employee was hospitalized with a neck (cervical spine) fracture.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 23, 2015, an employee was working for a firm engaged in commercial and institutional building construction. The employee was stringin g welding leads. The project at hand called for a 2.49-meter by 3.66-meter (8-fo ot by 12-foot) steel plate to be welded in place next to a building. The steel p late weighed 1,724 kilograms (3,800 pounds). It was to have a 68.0-kilogram (150 -pound) section of I-beam welded to it. The purpose of the assembly was to preve nt slurry from a future trenching operation from entering the building. The stee l plate stood on end in preparation for being welded in place. With its attachme nt, it weighed approximately 1,814 kilograms (4,000 pounds). It was not supporte d or secured against falling. Concrete was being jackhammered for removal nearby . The employee placed welding leads over the top of the plate. The welding leads pulled the plate off center and dislodged it. The employee then immediately wal ked in front of the plate as it fell on him. When the plate fell, it struck the employee's the entire body, most notably the employee's face. The employee susta ined severe head trauma and likely broken bones to his torso. He was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:50 a.m. on April 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a masonry contractor, was working at a multiemployer construction site.  He was using a rough terrain forklift to empty the contents of a small dumpster into a larger dumpster.  Empl oyee #1 slipped and caught his hand between the dumpster and the forklift as it was tilting.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was treated for the amputation of two fingers.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on May 8, 2018, an employee was at rear of #273 company-issued read y-mix truck using his hands to remove overflow of wet ready-mix concrete from re ar of truck while the drum of the truck was in motion.  The employee felt a pinc h on his left index finger and pulled it back quickly when his gloved hand was p ulled into a pinch point between the trunnion ring and roller.  The employee cru shed the tip of his finger and was taken to the hospital where he was treated fo r a fingertip amputation before being released on the same day.  Hospitalization was not required.
fall_fatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on November 17, 2017 an employee was up on a roof, a t the very top, painting corbels when he started to climb down a step ladder he laid across the top of the roof.  As he was climbing down the ladder, the ladder slid down the roof, and the employee fell approximately 9 feet from the edge of the roof to the concrete ground below.  The employee sustained blunt force trau ma to his head resulting in fatal injuries.  The cause of the accident was failu re to provide employees with fall protection, improper use of ladders and failur e to train employees in the safe use of ladders.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:35 p.m. on May 29, 2019, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a cement construction company, were working at the construction site for a new ho tel.  They were removing the Pro-Shore system, which was used to create formwork for the cement poured to create the second floor above.  The three employees we re removing the joist and main beams of the Pro-Shore system in various bays und er the poured concrete.  Coworker #1, working from a forklift, was going from ba y to bay and loosening the main beams by hitting the star nut, the piece that su pports the beams, and then removing the joist and beam and handing them to Emplo yee #1 and Coworker #2 on ground level.  Coworker #1, seeing that something wasn 't right, told the other employees to stand back, at which time the bay collapse d.  The main beam swung out and struck Employee #1 in the face and shoulder, and Employee #1 fell to the ground and lost consciousness.  Employee #1 was transpo rted to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured face, f ractured left shoulder, and head injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 16, 2005, Employee #1 and Employee #2, an apprentice, were connecting temporary power by wiring a disconnect to an existing exterior electrical meter. They were preparing to ground the equipment when a grounding fault in the meter caused an arc flash, severely burning both employees.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:05 p.m. on February 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in carpentry work on the roof of a two-story residential structu re, a multiemployer construction project.  A piece of oriented strand board, blo wn by high winds, struck Employee #1's head and knocked him unconscious.  Employ ee #1 fell from the roof, a fall height of 18 feet.  Emergency services were cal led, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treat ed for multiple injuries, including a fractured orbital, fractured ribs, and a m ajor laceration to the liver.  .
caught_fatal	At 11;00 a.m. on May 3, 2018, an employee was working in an excavation digging f or utility lines.  The employee was trapped and buried by the excavation's walls when they collapsed and the employee was crushed and killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on April 25, 2017, Employee #1 was placing a 2 inch piece of rolled steel under the a 24,000 pound pellet mill. The employee was wearing gloves. As the machine was being moved into place, the employee's gloves were pulled inbet ween the roller and the machine, and his right hand was crushed.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on June 29, 2017, Employee #1, a dump truck operator, was spreadin g dirt at a basin. The employee attempted to loosen a rock that was stuck in a c omponent of the dump truck tailgate manually, instead of raising the truck bed. As soon as the rock became dislodged, the tailgate slammed into the closed posit ion, catching and amputating the employees right middle and ring fingers. Emplo yee #1 was transported to a local hospital, where he was treated for his injury and released the same day.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 25, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were engaged in the reconstruction of a highway bridge. Coworker #1, the site foreman, was operating a Volvo L110F front end loader PIN Number VCEL110FL00061930 with a Volvo fork attachment Model 83770 Style Number 03-16-001.  He was using the front end loader to transport a Dipper Arm/Jib atta chment LOHO 2170 Style Number 200143 across the bridge within the construction z one.  The jib attachment was rigged to the forks of the front end loader.  Emplo yee #1 and Coworker #2 were holding onto the jib attachment so it would be perpe ndicular to the front end loader.  As they approached a small gravel pile, Cowor ker #2 let go of the jib attachment to walk around the gravel.  The jib attachme nt apparently shifted, and Employee #1 was pulled into the path of the front end loader and run over by a tire.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a compound fr acture and other injuries to the right heel, a degloving injury to the right for earm, a dislocated right shoulder, and a sprained left ankle.
electrocution_fatal	On August 13, 2008, four electricians were working at a 6,900-volt to 13,200-volt electrical distribution substation restoring service after a squirrel caused an event that blew fuses and damaged insulators. Employee #1 who was located on the substation structure came in contact with a 7,160-volt to ground energized conductor, causing the protective relay for the system to trip. Employee #1 then fell across all three conductors of the circuit. Shortly after contacting the three conductors of the circuit the protective relay reset, energizing the conductor at 13,200-volts, phase to phase. Employee #1 then fell approximately 12 feet to the ground. CPR was performed, but proved to be unsuccessful. Employee #2 received flash burn injuries, but did not lose consciousness. Employee #2 was transported to a local hospital, admitted and treated. Employees #3 and #4 were taken to the hospital where they were examined and released.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on June 2, 2022, an employee was climbing onto a scaffold through a second story window in preparation to work on the scaffold when he fell from th e scaffold to the ground. There was no railing or personal fall protection syste m in place on the scaffold. The employee suffered a crushed skull and spiral fra cture in right leg and subsequently died from his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:56 a.m. on April 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction carpent ry company, was working at a one-story commercial building that was undergoing r enovation.  He was operating a table saw when his hand came into contact with th e saw blade and his middle finger was amputated.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 17, 2011, a hotel maintenance employee was responding to a guest's complaint about temperature in the guest's room. He went to the room without tools or equipment. Prior to and at the time of the accident, he was not conducting any servicing or repair activities. It is believed that, after adjusting the programming to the room's thermostat, he was investigating the orientation of the chill water regulating valve in the room's fan coil unit. At that time, he came into contact with an exposed portion of the unit's enclosure, which was energized. He was electrocuted. First responders secured the power from an electrical room and then physically disconnected the fan coil unit from the hotel's wiring. Emergency medical services were contacted. Police and an ambulance service responded. The worker was transported to Mobile Infirmary in Mobile, AL. He was pronounced dead at 4:53 p.m. on October 17, 2011, by an emergency room physician.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was working at a multiemployer building construction site. He was standing alon gside a pipe that measured 100 feet by 8 inches and that was set on a stand as i t was being cut. The pipe rolled off the stand, fell, and struck Employee #1's l eg. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal. He was admitted and treated for a fracture to his leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	A foreman and an electrician's helper were assigned to remove a temporary electrical service from a construction site. A permanent 480-volt transformer on the site supplied the temporary service. When the employees arrived at the temporary service, they saw that the meter had been pulled and an insulated cover was over the contacts, with a seal on the meter box. The foreman opened an electrical box adjacent to the meter. This box enclosed the main disconnect for the feeder from the transformer to the meter. The foreman watched as the helper tested the feeder. The feeder from the disconnect was deenergized on the load side of the disconnect. The foreman told the helper that he could disconnect the temporary service, and the foreman left the immediate area. The helper cut the feeder on the supply side of the disconnect, which was still energized, and caused an electrical fault. The ensuing electric arc threw the helper about a meter back and ignited his clothing. The employee received first- and second-degree burns on the front midsection of his body and on small areas on his face. He was hospitalized at a burn center for his injuries. He was released as an outpatient several days later.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on October 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was drilling well points as part of a pipeline installation.  He came into c ontact with an overhead power line and sustained an electric shock.  Emergency s ervices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was ad mitted and treated for the electric shock.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 12, 2018, an employee was working to install plywood s heathing on a roof. At some point, while the employee was walking around to chec k that the plywood was properly aligned, his left heel landed off the edge of th e roof. The employee lost his balance and fell eleven feet. The employee was hos pitalized for treatment of fractures to both arms and a foot.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:53 to 1:55 p.m. on January 31, 2014, Employee #1, part of a six-worker crew employed by Erosion Control Landscape Services Inc., was working at the 16.5-mile marker on the inner loop of Interstate 695 (Baltimore Beltway), just past a set of exit-entrance ramps. The land along the inner loop of the highway had been cleared by another contractor in preparation for widening the lanes and building a new bridge over a local road. The employer had been hired by the State of Maryland's State Highway Administration to shoot out grass seed over the cleared areas and then cover the grass seed with straw/hay. This was being done for erosion control prior to the start of the actual construction work. The employer had one large truck on site with a Finn B-260 Straw Blower attached to it. The truck with straw blower was on the extreme right side of the shoulder next to the guardrail. There was enough room for the workers to open the passenger door of the truck so they could get in and out when needed. The crew members had finished their work for the day and were in the process of getting all of their materials and equipment together, because they were supposed to be off of the shoulder by approximately 2:00 p.m. at the latest. This is a requirement for all construction vehicles on the Beltway on Fridays. Numerous orange warning cones had been put in place, closing the shoulder for at least .5 mile in advance of the work area. A number of large work signs had been erected to indicate that work was taking place ahead. It was a clear, sunny day and not particularly cold for the end of January. A private citizen driving a small white 2001 Ford pickup truck with a snowplow blade attached to the front was driving in the slow lane next to the shoulder. For unknown reason the pickup truck drifted to the right, out of the slow lane and onto the shoulder, where it ran over two or three of the warning cones. It then clipped the rear left end of the straw-blowing machine and caused the rear tire to flatten. Employee #1, who was wearing a bright day-glow greenish yellow safety vest, was standing and working behind the employer's large truck and in front of the straw blowing machine. The straw blower was not in operation. The pickup truck struck the employee with enough force that it threw him into the side of the large truck and then approximately 26 feet 6 inches forward and out into the slow lane of the Beltway, where he landed. According to the subsequent investigation, Employee #1, when he landed in the highway, probably already was dead from the massive injuries he suffered. No other vehicles struck him. The pickup truck then sideswiped the employer's large truck on the driver's side. The pickup truck traveled a short distance down the highway before the driver pulled over and stopped on the shoulder. This fatal event was investigated by Maryland OSHA. Its subsequent investigative report contained a statement from the Area Engineer for State Highways that the employer had set up properly, and there were no issues with the set-up, the workers, or the work being done. A statement from the Maryland State Trooper in charge of the police investigation indicated that this was a traffic work zone accident caused by the driver of the white Ford pickup truck. The Medical Examiner's report indicated that this was a traffic accident caused by the driver of the white pickup truck. All findings indicated that the employer's vehicle and blower attachment had been set up correctly with warning cones and signs in place. Therefore, no citations were to be issued to the employer.
caught_fatal	At 7:45 a.m. on August 7, 2013, Employee #1 was working at a demolition site, op erating a skid-steer loader. The loader fell into an open pit and the employee w as ejected from the loader's operator station and was caught between the roll ov er protective structure and the ground, crushing and killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on October 18, 2018, Employee#1, who was off duty, was operating a wide belt sander to work on a wood project for a friend. The piece of wood becam e stuck and kicked back, hitting the employee in the face. Employee #1 sustained a facial fracture and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on June 15, 2018, an employee was transitioning from a ladder to a roof while attempting to bring a coworker a caulk gun. The employee was not tied off to an anchorage point while walking on the roof when he slipped and fell ap proximately 15 feet to an asphalt surface. The employee sustained a fractured ta ilbone and wrists.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 12, 2016, an employee was placing metal sheets when the bo ttom sheet moved creating an opening through the floor.  The employee fell throu gh a floor opening to concrete floor while covering the opening with two metal d ecking sheets 3 feet by 18 feet.The employee fell 39 feet 6 inches through the f loor opening. Employee landed on his side and then rolled over. The employee was awake and breathing when emergency responders arrived.  The employee later died .
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on May 29, 2018, Employee #1 was working at a multiemployer constru ction project, a commercial building.  He was installing decking over a skylight .  The employee removed a temporary cover, which exposed the open skylight.  He fell through the opening, a fall height of 15 feet, and struck the concrete surf ace.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for unspecified fall-related injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On January 9, 2014, Employee #1, and a coworker were setting up a pipe bender machine. The pin that connects the conveyor to the pipe bender did not go into its corresponding hole. Based on the length of the pin, there was at least a 1 to 2" gap. Employee #1 bent down to visually inspect the location of the pin, and placed his left hand down towards the conveyor. The pin dropped into its corresponding hole and Employee #1's hand was in such a position that the tip of his left hand, pinky finger pinched between the two surfaces. The employee's left pinky finger was amputated to the first knuckle. Employee #1 was taken to an area hospital, where he was treated for amputation of his finger and later released.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on March 27, 2009, employees of an oil well service company were completing a service operation. Employee #1 was assigned to clean the rig of residual crude oil that had accumulated when the well was closed. While he was cleaning the idle main hoist cable drum, a coworker engaged the hoist, causing the cable drum to rotate. Employee #1 then lost his balance, fell, and his left leg became caught between the cable drum and its 1 in. cable. As the cable tightened around the cable drum, his knee was crushed. Employee #1 was airlifted to Kern Medical Center for treatment, which included the amputation of his left leg.
caught_nonfatal	On January 17, 2011, Employee #1, a mechanic with a company that produced, processed, and packed fruit, was performing a regularly-assigned task of tracking (aligning) a conveyor belt that was used to transport oranges. Adjustments would be made by turning bolt heads on both sides of the conveyor. When a belt needed adjustment, Employee #1 went under the conveyor belt while it was running and prodded it with a 0.75 in. combination wrench. The belt caught the open end of the wrench while his right thumb was inserted through the closed end. Employee #1's right arm became caught in the belt. He was hospitalized at Kern Medical Center for an amputated thumb, fractured ulna and radius bones, and right forearm lacerations. There were no witnesses to the incident. The investigation concluded that the employer did not provide an extension tool or other methods or means to protect employees from injury when equipment must be running during cleaning, servicing and adjusting operations.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:53 a.m. on February 26, 2022, an employee assisted a coworker with the pla cement of material onto a roof and was guiding a load of sheet metal decking rig ged and hoisted by a telehandler forklift (Make: JCB, Model Number: 51056, Seria l Number: JCB5CG7GJK2795168). While the employee stood under the load to guide i t, the extended forklift boom fell off and struck the employee on the back and t he employee fell approximately three feet into a hole on the roof. The employee was hospitalized to treat a back injury, contusion, and torn ligament to the rig ht ankle.
fall_fatal	At approximately 11:45 a.m. on October 28, 2013, Employee #1 was distributing sl ate concrete tiles on the roof for roofers to install later. As he worked, he lo st his footing during the distribution of tiles and fell from the roof to the gr ound. Employee #1 suffered blunt force trauma over his body system and was kille d.
caught_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 28, 2014, an employee was pinned between two semi-traile rs and died.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:40 p.m. on November 3, 2003, Employee #1 was using a punch machine to remove a guardrail on the side of a road near Pilot Rock, OR. His hands were touching the guardrail when the punch machine contacted a 7,200 volt, overhead power line. The current passed through the machine to the railing and then to Employee #1. He was transported to a local hospital in Pendleton, OR, where he was pronounced dead.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on May 29, 2015, an employee was directing traffic while inside of the collapse zone of a sheet piling operation.  A sheet pile broke free of the hammer, falling, and striking the employee. The employee was struck in the back, neck and head and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 28, 2020, an employee was deburring a piece of metal when the employee's glove got caught by a sander. The employee's finger was pulled be tween the sander and the table rest as a result. The employee amputated his fing er to the first knuckle and required medical treatment.  The employee was not ho spitalized.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a residential construction project.  He was working inside a home made trash bin when he fell to the ground and struck concrete, a fall height of approximately 16 feet.  Employee #1 was killed as the result of blunt force trau ma sustained in the fall.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on January 28, 2005, Employee #1, a sign installer, was placing a 30 ft metal flagpole into the ground directly under an energized 12kV power line that was approximately 28 ft above ground. He made contact with the power line and was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 27, 2009, Employee #1 was struck in the head by a bandsaw cabinet. He was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 1, 2020, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was troubleshooting a set of bollard lights, some of which were not wor king.  While attempting to determine the problem, he was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on March 23, 2020, an employee was working during a pre-op period. After the daily sanitation process was over, the Maintenance Team  was bringing machinery back online prior to allowing cattle into slaughter. At the start of t he shift, two Maintenance Team employees were at the knocking area to work on th e counterbalance issue. There was a call over the radio that the belly belt was not working. Both of them are there in that area already, so they responded to t hat call.  The Maintenance Team employees got separated since they both went on different ways to get to the belly belt area. The employee was on a work platfor m that required fall protection, harness hooked up to the railing. The employee was engaged in bringing equipment back online after daily sanitation when his fa ll protection harness was caught in the coupler between the drive motor and the drive shaft of the decline belt. He was standing on a work platform with the har ness hooked to the railing, looking up to the belly belt when the harness got ca ught in the open sprocket chain, with no guard.  The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 25, 2019, an employee and two coworkers were packing boxes at a residence when the employee returned to the truck to get more boxes. As th e employee was climbing up onto the back of the truck he placed right hand into the groove of the frame instead of using the grab handle when climbing down. The door had not been latched or locked and a gust of wind slammed the door onto th e employee's middle fingertip. The employee partially amputated his middle finge rtip with bone loss requiring medical treatment.  The employee was not hospitali zed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on February 11, 2017, an employee was unloading case s of diesel exhaust fluid from a pallet into a van parked in the street. The for klift was stopped on sidewalk and parked perpendicularly to a van. The forklift rolled forward while the employee was unloading diesel exhaust fluid from the pa llet into the van and pinned the employee between forklift and van. The employee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 21, 2021, Employees #1 and #2 and two coworkers, employ ed by an energy supply company, were responding to a call from a contractor who was excavating a 200-foot water line addition to a meat market, a multiemployer construction project.  The contractor had struck an underground power line betwe en transformer 1 and transformer 2 while excavating.  The power line break cause d power to be lost at the meat market and a neighboring facility.   The four ene rgy supply company employees were working to repair the broken underground power lines.  Employee #2 shut the power off at the pole and placed grounding straps on the secondary compartment of transformer 1.  Employee #2  joined Employee #1 on the west side of the excavation while their coworkers worked elsewhere.   Whe n the power was interrupted, a generator in the facility next door started autom atically and began providing power to the facility's office.  Approximately 30 m inutes later, an employee from the neighboring facility threw a manual switch co nnected to a generator to supply electricity to the facility's warehouse.  The e lectricity back-fed through the ungrounded transformer 2 to where Employees #1 a nd Employee #2 were working.  Both employees received an electric shock from the backfeed.  Employee #1 was killed by electrocution.  Employee #2 sustained seve re burns to the hands.  Employee #2 was transported by emergency services to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of the electrical burns.
caught_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on April 13, 2018, Employee #1 was loading a shed onto a truck for delivery. During loading, Employee #1 became pinned between the hydraulic trail er bed and frame of the truck. His chest was crushed, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	On July 24, 2006, Employees #1 and #2 and a coworker were replacing a roof at a church. They were using an aerial lift to access the work area. Employee #1, who was also the company owner, was operating the lift and lowering himself and the other two workers from the roof to the ground when he contacted the 7,600-volt A-phase of a overhead power line that was located about about 14 ft from the edge of the roof. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2 and the coworker sustained serious electric shocks and they were admitted to Chester/Crozier Burn Center for treatment of electrical burns. The power line had not been de-energized, relocated, or properly insulated.
electrocution_fatal	On April 7, 2014, Employee #1, a carpenter, and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by Apartments Downtown, Inc., were installing equipment at a commercial building. Employee #1 was working with one leg and hip on an approximately 25-degree sloped metal awning. His other leg was standing on a Werner D-116-2 Type III aluminum extension ladder that was leaned against the sloped metal awning on the building's facade. The bottom edge of the awning was approximately 11 feet above a concrete sidewalk and projected out from the structure approximately 4 feet. The sidewalk where the ladder's feet were placed sloped downward to the right (when viewed facing the building) approximately .5-inch to .625-inch per foot. Employee #1 was boring two penetrations into the wall of the structure using a Milwaukee #0234 1.5-inch chuck pistol grip drill and a 4.25-inch hole saw bit. The wall penetrations were approximately 13 feet above the sidewalk. Coworkers #1 and #2 were assisting, with Coworker #1 holding the ladder. The hole saw became bound up, and the drill kicked back, throwing Employee #1 off balance. Employee #1 dropped the drill. Coworkers #1 and #2 may have backed away to avoid being struck by the falling drill. The ladder slid and tipped over to the right. Employee #1 fell down and toward the left, a fall height of 12 feet, and struck his head on the concrete sidewalk. Emergency services were called, and the Iowa City Police Department and Fire Department responded and also the Johnson County Ambulance Service. Employee #1 was transported to University of Iowa Hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured skull and other injuries. He died on April 18, 2014. This work-related fatality was investigated by Iowa OSHA. The investigator determined that no personal fall arrest or restraint system was in place when Employee #1 fell. When the ladder was examined, its rails were bent to the side several feet up from the bottom. No blocking or ladder leveler devices had been used to compensate for the sloping surface on which the ladder had been placed. No side handle had been used with the drill.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:50 a.m. on February 21, 2019, an employee and two coworkers made wedge cut s into a thirty-inch diameter tree. When the tree fell in the opposite direction the employee expected, the employee was struck by the tree and was hospitalized with seven rib fractures, lung puncture and left knee sprain.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on April 27, 2017, Employee #1 was pulling wire through a conduit f rom a 4 foot deep manhole that was half filled with water. After pulling the wir e out of the manhole, the employee received an electrical shock from contacting one of the electrical wires that was energized, operating at 277/480 volts. The electrical panel servicing this line had not been deenergized or locked out.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on November 25, 2014, an employee was installing sew er lines in trench. The trench collapsed, killing the employee.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 21, 2006, Employee #1 was part of a crew of five men, including Employee #2, the foreman, that were preparing to set-up a pile driver at a job site. The crane had been unloaded and assembled when it began to rain. The crew stopped working while it rained and waited for the truck to arrive with the pile driver. By the time the truck arrived, the rain had stopped and the crew started to unload the pile driver. In the process of removing the pile driver hammer head from the trailer bed, the hoist line of the crane either contacted a 7,600-kilovolt overhead power line or the electricity jumped an undetermined distance to the hoist line. Two employees were standing on the bed of the trailer and the foreman was leaning with his hands on the trailer. Employee #1 pulled the chain slings toward the truck end of the trailer to rig the hammer head. The hammer head, sitting on the trailer, was under and on the opposite of the power line. This is when the crane's hoist line became charged. Employee #1 had the chain slings in his hand and was thrown off the side of the truck. The foreman received am electric shock until the crane operator boomed the crane up and back, de-energizing the hoist line. Employee #1 suffered two fractured ribs and a fractured collar bone; the foreman suffered a strained neck and upper back muscles. Both were hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On July 15, 2008, Employee # 1 contacted a piece of copper that was being used as a grounding wire. He was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On October 15, 2002, Employee #1, of Riverside Home Improvements, was at his work site when he was electrocuted. NOTE: Original report only includes the wording, "SEE REPORT."
struck_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on November 27, 2017, Employee #1 was opening a ball valve on a tra nsducer. The steel piping for the transducer blew out of the flange and struck t he employee in the chest, killing him.
struck_fatal	At 5:52 a.m. on January 19, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was attempting to retrieve a toolbox from a highway.  He was struck and kille d by a motor vehicle.  The subsequent investigation and report indicated the cau se of death was blunt force trauma to his body.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on March 24, 2017, an employee was overseeing the loa ding of concrete jersey barriers on his low boy trailer. The employee directed t he loader operator to move the forward right end of the concrete barrier to stra ighten it out on the trailer. When the loader operator went to raise the forward right end of the barrier with forks underneath the barrier wall, the left fork tip got caught between the trailer wood and a bolt. As operator continued to rai se the end of the barrier wall it broke free and the concrete barrier weighing 5 ,000 lbs fell off the low boy and on to the employee's foot and ankle. The emplo yee was admitted to hospital for fractured ankle. However, the blood vessels did not heal, resulting in left leg amputation from below the knee on March 30, 201 7.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 1, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at the site of a new golf course.  He was measuring decorative rock around a lake when lightning struck.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	On April 26, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a road construction company, was eng aged in a road widening project.  He was operating a Caterpillar mini roller com pactor.  As he turned his head and attempted to back up the roller, his hand ina dvertently moved on the steering wheel, causing the roller to catch the soft edg e of the road.  The roller rolled over onto its side, and the employee's head wa s struck.  The employee lost consciousness.  He was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and released without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on October 29, 2018, Employee #1 was placing his load of almonds a t the production line and was bringing the product cards to the QC office. As he was walking along the main aisle of the warehouse, to the QC office, he was str uck from behind by a forklift that was traveling in the same direction. The work er sustained fractures and tendon damage to his left foot and ankle. He was trea ted at Emmanuel Medical Center in Turlock, CA.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on March 25, 2002, Employees #1 and #2, of Fenix Renovation, were using a Werner 32 ft heavy-duty aluminum extension ladder to paint and apply sealer to a house. Located approximately 33 ft from the residence was a 26 ft 11 in. high primary power line. Employee #1 was beginning to move the fully extended ladder to a different location when it became unstable. He called for Employee #2 to help. Both workers were holding the ladder when it tipped over and contacted the 13,800-volt power line. Employees #1 and #2 suffered major thermal burns to their hands and feet, for which they were hospitalized. Subsequent investigation found that Employee #1's failure to retract the ladder before moving made it top-heavy and was the probable cause of it overturning. In addition, the use of an aluminum ladder should not have been permitted because the power lines were readily visible and easily avoidable. All the company ladders at the site were aluminum.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on January 17, 2017, an employee was located in a firewater storage tank and standing on an extension ladder to take a measurement. As he reached t o measure the particular area of the tank, the ladder slipped. The employee fell 17 feet to the bottom of the tank, sustaining a  fractured left leg. The employ ee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury. The incident investig ation reported that the ladder was not properly secured on the slippery surface of the tank, causing the ladder to slip.
struck_fatal	On April 12, 2014, Employee #1, a carpenter, and Coworker #1, both employed by a construction framing contractor, were engaged in exterior framing work at a residential building site. Employee #1 was standing on a top plate along the top of a vertical wall section and installing a truss. A strong wind caught the truss, and the truss shifted and hit Employee #1 in the shoulder. Employee #1 fell to the ground, a fall height of 9 feet. He rose from the ground and began to walk around. Coworker #1, however, decided to call emergency services. Emergency medical services arrived and transported Employee #1 by ambulance to the hospital. During the trip to the hospital, Employee #1 lost consciousness. Upon arrival at the hospital, he was admitted and treated for a fractured skull. Employee #1 died from his injuries; he was declared dead on April 21, 2014. This fatality was investigated by Indiana OSHA.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction company, was working at a multiemployer job site, a commercial building.  He was positioned on a scaffold platform in order to do forming work.  As Employee #1 covered a hole in the platform, he fell through the hole, a fall height of 11.5 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured back.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 20, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in rehabil itation work at a manufacturing plan.  Employee #1 was performing maintenance on a work truck when he was struck from behind by a roller operated by the coworke r.  Employee #1 was crushed between the truck and the roller.  He was transporte d to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to the pelvis and wris t.
caught_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 21, 2020, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a wate r and sewer line construction company, were attempting to repair a residential s ewer line that was back flowing.  While they were in the trench they had dug, a trench wall collapsed.  Employee #1 was caught in the collapsing material and fa tally crushed.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 p.m. on September 9, 2021, Employee #1 was inspecting a paving construct ion project. Employee #1 was walking inside a closed lane on the interstate when he was struck by a vehicle. Employee #1 was killed and pronounced dead at the s cene.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 24, 2017, Employee #1 and coworkers were working from the b asket of an aerial lift to install new power lines. During work, one of the cowo rkers removed the ground off of a dead line and then began repositioning the buc ket of an aerial lift. As the bucket maneuvered, Employee #1's neck came in cont act with the de-energized power line, and received an induced electrical shock. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injury.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 10, 2017, an employee was on site delivering groceries. He had finished unloading the truck and was getting ready to leave. He stated th at he had already put the electric pallet jack back into the trailer and was sta nding on the lift gate to lower it when he somehow slipped off. He stated that h e did not know what part of the lift gate he was standing on when he fell. The e mployee was hospitalized and later died due to pulmonary embolism due to deep ve nus thrombosis, immobility and blunt force impact injury of the torso.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:36 p.m. on December 12, 2018, Employee #1 was operating a forklift. The emp loyee was doing a "let down" when he lost control of the equipment and was pinne d between the storage rack and reach fork. He placed a pallet on the aisle floor and went to get another pallet to fulfill the order, when he forgot that he pla ced one pallet on the aisle floor.  The employee suffered injuries to his lower back, strain/sprain. The employee was treated at Dameron Hospital in Stockton CA .
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 3, 2016, an employee was attaching a deck to an elevated home when the deck collapsed while the employee was underneath.  The employee w as killed
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 10, 2018, an employee worked to clean a paint sprayer t hat still contained pressurized air. The paint sprayer activated and struck the employee in the hand and inserted paint into the wound and swelled. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on November 7, 2017, an employee was working for a painting company , assigned to perform painting at a residence. The employee was assigned to pain t the eve of the residence front porch. Using an 8 foot stepladder, which was re sting on the top of the pitched roof, the employee accessed the eve. During work , the employee slipped and fell approximately 20 feet to a concrete patio. The e mployee was not wearing fall protection. The employee sustained a compound fract ure, resulting in hospitalization for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on November 26, 2018, an employee was working from a ladder. At som e point, the ladder slipped out and caused the employee to lose his balance and fall fourteen feet. The employee was hospitalized for fractured ribs, pelvis and skull.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:50 a.m. on February 2, 2019, an employee was driving a tug on the ramp and had a seizure.  The employee fell off of the tug onto the pavement and struck hi s head, sustaining a concussion.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 6, 2014, Employee #1, #2 and #3 were moving a 19 foot 10 inch rolling scaffold from one location to a second location on a building site. The top of the scaffold made contact with an overhead 7200 volt power line that was in their path.  The scaffolding became energized by the high voltage power line, killing all three men.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on July 27, 2017, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a construc tion company, were working at the construction site for a 30-story commercial bu ilding.  They were retrieving pile driving rods from a casing.  Employee #1 used a wrench to separate the rods.  His hand became caught between rods.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture to his left wrist.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:15 pm, on August 13, 2009, Employee #1 of O S Interior Systems, Inc. was working inside of a building engaged in removal of demountable walls. Employee #1 was removing a metal stud when his chest contacted a 277 volt energized electrical wire that was hanging out of a light switch. Employee #1 died from his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on July 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in roofing repair work at a three-story commercial building.  While walking backward, he tripped and fell into a skylight.  Employee #1 fell 30 feet and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 25, 2006, Employee #1 was on a scaffold platform that was supported by a forklift, installing screws into an existing barn roof. An energized overhead power line was nearby. Either Employee #1 or the platform came into the path to ground. He suffered an electric shock and fell approximately 12 1/2 ft to the ground. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for both electric shock and injuries sustained in the fall.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on September 12, 2014, an employee was handling an al uminum ladder. The employee was electrocuted when an aluminum ladder came in con tact with an exposed power line.
caught_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on March 2, 2015, an employee was installing a right angle clamp o n a scaffold. The scaffold builder was making adjustments to a scaffold erected around a drive motor shaft.  The employee had just installed a right angle on th e scaffold pole and needed to get a rod from his helper, who was on the other si de of the scaffold (on the ground).  He stepped over the drive motor shaft to th e other side of the scaffold and a piece of his safety harness got caught in the rotating equipment.  The employee was jerked backward, pulled into the shaft, a nd caught between the shaft and the platform on which it rested. The motor shaft was equipped with a metal guard in the shape of a saddle that covered its top a nd sides.  It is likely that the employee's lanyard was unsecured and hanging be hind him. The employee sustained a fractured neck from the rotating shaft of the motor and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On September 2, 2003, Employee #1 was installing an EXIT sign for a retail store. He contacted an energized 277 volt line and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On March 3, 2005, Employees #1 was pushing cable inside an S&C brand, pad-mounted, live front switchgear box, Model Number PMH. The box was rated for 15 kilovolts and 600 amps. As he was working, Employee #1 slipped and fell, contacting the energized part of the switchgear box. This resulted in an arc flash, electrocuting Employee #1. Employee #2 was working nearby to Employee #1 received an electric shock. Employee #1, who was not using rubber gloves and sleeves, nor was he using insulation blanket, was killed. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby medical facility, where he was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On Auugust 13, 2004, Employee #1, age 17, was snaking a phone line. He was instructed by a senior technician/foreman to run it over a live electrical rectifier, even though the busbar was exposed. Employee #1 was using a metal snake and was throwing it over some duct work when the snake recoiled and struck the energized busbar. Employee #1 was still holding the snake and he received an electric shock. He sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on April 26, 2017, Employee #1, a 39 year old male, was operating a Caterpillar Skid Steer track loader. He exited the machine. Employee #2 who wa s operating the wheel loader picked up a bucket of mulch to be dumped into the t ub grinder. During this process, the wheel loader backed up exposing Employee #1 to struck-by and crushing hazards by the rear bumper of the wheel loader. Emplo yee #1 was struck by and caught between the exterior of the skid steer and the r ear of a Caterpillar Front End Loader and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 30, 2019, an employee was operating a JLG Lift.  The emp loyee was caught between the safety bar on lift and I-beam.  The employee was ki lled due to mechanical asphyxiation.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 22, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as installing a roof on the back porch of a new house.  He fell, a fall height o f 14 feet, and struck his head on the concrete surface.  Employee #1 sustained b lunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on May 3, 2017, An employee was receiving concrete blocks through a wall opening. The employee was using a section of pipe to erect the 5/8 rebar s o the block could go over it when it snapped.  The employee lost his balance and fell 18 feet out the opening. The employee was hospitalized with contusions and lacerations.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on June 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was engaged in electrical work at a two-story commercial building.  He w as working from a scissor lift and stripping wires to switch to LED lighting.  T he wires were energized, and Employee #1 received an electric shock, which cause d a heart attack and cessation of breathing.  Emergency services transported Emp loyee #1 to the hospital for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 3:16 p.m. on May 11, 2015, an employee was driving an excavator up a 30 degre e slope of a swimming pool to level ground. The excavator rolled over and the em ployee, who was not wearing a seatbelt, was crushed between the ROPS and the gro und.  The employee suffered fatal head, neck, and compound fractures.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on March 8, 2019, an employee was standing on a ladder with pads an d was wiping a line as it was pulled from a well.  The employee pinched his hand between the coupler and well head when the line holding a coupler broke, amputa ting two fingers from his right hand.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 4, 2018, an employee was working for a manufacturer of rol ling mills and other metalworking machinery. He was operating a blue pedestal sp ot welder. He was placing a nut onto a part to be welded in place. The employee apparently unintentionally actuated the foot control of the spot welder. The wel der went into position on his right index finger. The employee sustained the par tial amputation of the index finger on his right hand halfway down the fingernai l.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on October 13, 2011, Employee #1 was working inside a cofferdam structure at the base of a hydroelectric power generation plant. He was working on constructing a fish protective structure, and was standing in a few inches of water while cleaning a screen. A 150-ton crane was being used to set a sump pump in an area located approximately 150 feet away from Employee #1's working position. The hoist line of the crane encroached upon a 115-kilovolt transmission line and an arc occurred. Employee #1 fell to the ground unconscious and coworkers in the immediate area came to his aid, and emergency services were called. Coworkers performed CPR for over ten minutes until an AED on site was retrieved and used. Employee #1 was airlifted to a hospital where he made a full recovery.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 11, 2009, Employee #1 was using a Makita slide compound saw (Serial Number 14028A; Model Number LS1013FL) to cut a 2 in. by 4 in. wood board. According to Employee #1, he was holding the work piece down with his left hand, and he had his left thumb very close to the blade. While he was operating the saw, Employee #1's left thumb contacted the blade and was amputated to the first knuckle. Employee #1 was taken to Bayside Medical Center and was released after five hours. The blade guard/hood of the saw was missing. The construction crew lead person, who had brought the saw to the worksite for employees to use, stated that the guard had been missing for two weeks prior to the accident. No one witnessed the accident. The company's human resource manager reported the accident to the division at 11:15 a.m. on August 12, 2009.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 7, 2017, an employee was working in the abrasive blastin g booth. The employee was sandblasting the inside section of a metal tube, when the nozzle became clogged. The employee tried to unclog the nozzle by bending th e hose to increase pressure.  The clog released and struck the employee's right wrist, causing a deep tissue injury.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on November 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contracto r, was working at a water and sewer treatment plant.  He was installing a pipe w hen his thumb became caught between the pipe and the structure.  The thumb was a mputated .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 27, 2018, an employee was rigging I-beams onto a crane to be moved for steel erection operations. The employee had finished choking an I-beam and signaled the crane operator to raise the beam. As the beam lifted, t he bottom hook caught onto a beam laying on the ground and caused it to roll ont o the employee's leg and fracturing it.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:20 p.m. on August 18, 2018, an employee was performing maintenance on Pall etizer #7 and missed a step in the lockout/tagout procedures, lowering the "head " or "platen" down to the floor prior to releasing the stored energy.  The emplo yee pinched his left hand's index finger in the chain and sprocket when the plat en fell to the floor.  The employee sustained an avulsion to his finger.  Hospit alization was not required.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:40 p.m. on May 8, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in a commercial building de molition.  He was using a cordless reciprocating saw to cut the seams of a 6-inc h thick by 4-foot wide by 12-foot long insulated drop ceiling panel.  He was pos itioned between the ceiling joist and the drop ceiling when the ceiling broke fr ee from the suspension rods and fell.  The employee fell and struck the concrete floor, a fall height of 11.5 feet.  He was transported to the hospital, where h e was admitted for treatment of four fractured ribs and a collapsed lung.
fall_fatal	On August 29, 2013, Employee #1 was involved with a texture coating application on the side of a new commercial building under construction. He was working from the third level of a scaffold, approximately 21 ft high. Employee was engaged in hauling buckets of tools and water up from the ground to the third level with a rope. As he worked, he lost his balance and fell. Employee #1 sustained head and left arm injuries. Employee was engaged in hauling buckets of tools and water up from the ground to the third level with a rope. Emergency medical personnel were summoned. They arrived and transported him to a hospital. At the hospital, he underwent medical procedures, but died five days later on September 3, 2013.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 31, 2022, an employee stood outside their dump truck and , while waiting, was struck by, and run over another dump truck that was backing up. The employee was killed by the crushing injuries sustained.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 19, 2008, an employee working in an aerial lift came in contact with a 7,000-volt power line. He suffered an electric shock and burns from the accident and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 13, 2019, an employee, serving in their role as a Forklift Operator, was moving material using a Toyota Reach Stand-Up Forklift. The emplo yee dropped off a pallet between two aisles and was about to turn the forklift a round. The forklift hit a piece of wood with the back wheels causing it to jump and become unstable. The employee lost his balance and jerked the speed lever do wn ramming the forklift onto the shelving rack. The forklift was pinned down and the shelf's horizontal member struck the employee in the chest. The employee wa s hospitalized to treat fractured rib on his right side.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on October 29, 2015, an employee was delivering road debris from r oad construction project to private residence for land fill material. No witness es observed the accident, but it appears that the employee was raising the bed o f dump truck and snagged an overhead power line.  The driver apparently put the lift mechanism back into neutral hold, and exited the cab then attempted to re-e nter to retrieve the fire extinguisher since his front left tire was smoldering on fire. The overhead power line came into contact to with metal bed of dump tru ck sending uncontrolled electricity into frame of vehicle causing a fire. When e mployee tried to extinguish the fire or re-enter cab to lower bed he came into c ontact with truck metal and had his foot on the ground. The electrical shock ent ry appears to be on his hand and exited through his foot/boot or vice versa.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on September 12, 2007 a 36 year old male was electrocuted as a result of a 39-foot-long dump truck contacting a 7.2 kilo-volt power line. The employee was employed with the company since October 11, 2005 as a truck driver. The employee was delivering a mixture of corn and glucose used for cattle feed to an outdoor feed bin on a family farm. The employee dumped the contents and allegedly proceeded to pull the truck forward 15 to 20 feet (allegedly to clean out the dump of any additional material). He was discovered laying behind the elevated dump truck. There were extensive burn marks on the back of the truck, and on the ground behind the truck where the employee fell. The employee started his shift at approximately 10:00 a.m. that morning and travelled approximately 294 miles with one other stop along the way. While the company has delivered to this farm before, this was the first time for this employee. There were no contributing weather variables; it was clear and mild with no precipitation. There was another driver (with a second truck load) at the site during the time of the accident, but was dumping material at another location and did not witness the accident. The company has a written safety policy which states employees are to keep trucks at least 50 feet from power lines. The company states that the employee was provided safety training.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on July 20, 2020, an employee prepared to install a cable railing w hen, at some point, the employee stepped onto an unsupported, cantilevered formw ork panel that broke after the employee stepped onto it. The employee fell ninet y feet and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 14, 2002, Employee #1, an electrician, was working in a suspended ceiling on a 277-volt lighting circuit that he thought had been turned off. The system was actually energized and he received an electric shock that entered his left hand and exited through his right arm. Enployee #1 sustained injuries that required hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 5, 2021, an employee worked with coworkers to raise ridge beams and truss' to construct a new roof. At some point, the employee lost contr ol on the beam, which fell onto the employee's head. The employee was killed due to crush injury to the head.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:10 a.m. on October 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was engaged in painting activity at a multiemployer construction project, a comm ercial building.  He was driving a scissor lift with the platform extended when the lift tipped over.  The employee fell, a fall height of 19 feet.  He was tran sported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple fractured ribs and v ertebrae.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 4, 2017, an employee was installing siding and had a se izure while on some scaffolding. The employee fell 15 feet from the ladder-jack scaffolding and suffered head trauma.  The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On April 18, 2013, Employee #1, with Viking Shred, LLC, was operating a baler, when a baling wire no longer fed properly into the machine (Ambaco; Model Number:12847; Horizontal Auto-Tie Baler). With the tie-baler still running through its cycle, Employee #1 attempted to re-align the wire onto a hook. As Employee #1 was reaching in to grab the wire with his hands, the sleeve on his coveralls, which he had rolled up above his elbow, slipped down and was caught by the baling wire hook. The hook then turned and drew his right arm into the machine. His right arm remained stuck in the machine until fire fighters arrived and were able to free him. Employee #1 suffered a fractured wrist. Employee #1 was hospitalized for two days, while under treatment for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 p.m. on February 25, 2016, an employee who just arrived at the worksite was exiting a truck, slipped on ice, and struck his head on the asphalt parking lot.  Following the incident, the employee told co-workers about the incident an d said did not feel well.  The employee was admitted to the hospital, developed a coma, and died March 15, 2016, from blunt force trauma to the head.
struck_fatal	On December 21, 2021, APS hired a cleaning contractor to pump out residual fuel and to clean the fuel tank of a boat (8MSC1606).  It had a 250-gallon capacity ( gasoline). The cleaning contractor cleaned the tank by accessing an approximate two inch hole in the tank. The contractor used acetone (a flammable substance) s oaked rags attached to a wire to clean the tank. Due to the metal baffles that s eparated the interior of the tank into nine compartments, the majority of the su rfaces on the interior of the tank were not cleaned.  The tank was removed by AP S the same day and placed on wooden saw horses.  APS conducted an initial pressu re test on the fuel tank and discovered that there was a pin-hole leak in the ve nt connection of the tank.  Employee #1 was notified that his services were need ed to make the repair on the fuel tank on December 27, 2021.   At 9:50 a.m. on D ecember 28, 2021, Employee #1 set up his welding operation and area and commence d to weld (TIG). Shortly upon  beginning to weld, the tank exploded. The blast c aused the tank to forcefully strike Employee #1. The blast caused the 1/4-inch a luminum lid to separate from the rest of the tank and land on the roof of an adj acent business.  Employee #1 sustained major head trauma as a result of the expl osion. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead. There are several factors that contributed to the accident. APS permitted hot w ork to be done on the fuel tank without the tank being adequately purged and wit hout any testing for the flammability of gasoline vapors.  APS did not designate an area free from fire hazards for the hot work and did not post an effective F ire Watch.    The employer was issued a Willful-Serious-Accident related citatio n [CCR T8 8355(g)] for not having the tank tested and certified by a Marine Chem ist.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on March 21, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker were dispatched to a residential home that had been damaged by fire. The employees arrived at the sit e and began cutting four foot by eight foot plywood sections to board up the win dows of the home. The work began on the south side of the house and the employee s were working their way around to the east side. The coworker cut the plywood w hile Employee #1 used an eight foot Werner fiberglass folding ladder to access t he windows. The ground in front of the first window was on a slope. Employee #1 tried to lift a piece of the plywood into place, but the ladder kicked out, and he fell to the concrete slab below. The employee sustained a two inch laceration to his head, and his left shoulder was fractured in four places. Employee #1 wa s hospitalized and received a total shoulder replacement.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in forming work at the multiemployer construction site of a two-s tory commercial building.  He was climbing a concrete form wall when he fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fall-related injuries.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 p.m. on October 23, 2017, an employee was presumably walking on top of a wall and fell onto a concrete floor. There was no one else on site at that time . The employee sustained blunt force trauma to the head and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 27, 2018, an employee took his invoice to the receiving clerk in a loading dock through the side entrance ramp and then proceeded to re trieve a forklift bailing wire from his truck. The employee then drove a forklif t to the receiving dock area and climbed on its forks to access the loading dock area. After handing over the bailing wire to the receiving desk clerk, he stepp ed back onto the forks f the forklift he had been operating. As he climbed down from the forklift forks, he fell approximately 4 feet and sustained a fracture t o his left wrist and hip. He was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 27, 2021, an employee was placing zip ties while perfor ming wind turbine maintenance activities. The employee was riding a service elev ator when his foot got caught on one of the rungs while the elevator was moving upwards. The employee was hospitalized to treat crush injuries to his foot.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 p.m. on April 10, 2017, Employee #1 was driving a water hauling truck an d pulling a water tank trailer up a hill. The truck was unable to make it up the hill, and the trailer jack-knifed. The employee went down the hill, and a secon d truck was brought to the site to straighten the trailer and pull it down the h ill.  As the trailer was pulled, it rolled onto its side, and struck Employee #1 , breaking his upper right leg. The employee was hospitalized for his injury.
fall_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on September 10, 2015, an employee was performing ca rpentry work at a multi-unit residential building.  The employee climbed up the ladder to the roof and started walking across the roof to the work area.  The em ployee was not wearing fall protection and fell from the roof landed on a concre te sidewalk.  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 19, 2017, an employee was assisting in transfer of a steel beam to a milling machine.  After a crane was used to carry the beam to the mill ing machine bench, the employee disconnected the chains from overhead crane. For an unknown reason, the chain fell into a 2 inch hole located in the beam. As th e overhead crane was moved away, the chain that was bound in the 2 inch hole pul led the beam toward the employee. The employee was struck by the beam, suffering traumatic injuries to his chest, face and head, which resulted in his death.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 a.m. on January 12, 2022, an employee hooked up a trailer to a tractor a nd as he pulled away, he noticed something was wrong. The employee stepped out o f the tractor to investigate when the vehicle rolled back, crushing the employee between the trailer and the dock. The employee incurred a leg wound, back pain, broken ribs and pulmonary contusions and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 12:10 a.m. on January 26, 2014, an employee was inspecting water pipes in a r estaurant attic.  The employee slipped and fell from the ladder, receiving fatal head injuries upon impact with ground.
struck_fatal	At approximately 12:10 p.m. on March 30, 2017, Employee #1 was standing on a 6 f oot self-supporting ladder.  He was pulling nails from the end of a single woode n brace used to temporally support a free standing end of an approximately 31 fo ot metal I-beam.  He fell off the ladder and was struck in the head and torso by a 3-inch diameter metal pole which was supporting the beam.  Employee #1 receiv ed blunt force injuries to his chest and died.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 p.m. on September 30, 2016 an employee was run over by a tractor (truck ) while working in the maintenance bay area. The employee sustained trauma to th e body and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:58 a.m. on June 29, 2017, Employee #1 picked up a shipment of wine bottle c ases for delivery to a winery.  The supplier who loaded the trailer did not shri nk wrap the cases together to prevent the shipment from shifting during transpor t.  The employee installed a 1,000 pound rated strap horizontally around the cas es, but they were slippery and the strap failed to restrain the load.  As the em ployee drove up a steep grade to the winery, the load shifted and came to rest o n the rear door of the trailer. When Employee #1 opened the door, one stack of t he wine bottle cases, weighing approximately one to two tons, fell on him. The e mployee fell backwards, striking the pavement below.  Employee #1 sustained a fr actured pelvis, a pelvic hematoma, and a head injury. He was hospitalized for 3 days.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on June 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was e ngaged in roofing activity at a two-story commercial building.  As he secured a wet and slippery 6-inch TPO membrane over the edge of the roof deck, he fell, a fall height of 21 feet.  Employee #1 at the time was working outside the warning lines and without benefit of fall protection.  Emergency services transported t he employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple inju ries.  These included six fractured ribs, a fractured pelvis, a fractured left w rist requiring surgery, bruised lungs, and a head concussion.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on October 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection comp any, was erecting steel at the multiemployer construction project for a new high school.  He went to climb down a Werner extension ladder that extended from a c atwalk to the second floor landing.  Employee #1 fell from the ladder, a fall he ight of approximately 13 feet, and landed head-first on the concrete floor.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for skull and facial fractures.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 19, 2020, two employees were working to install floor deckin g on new multi-family home. At some point, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were stru ck by a sheet of plywood that was blown into them by a wind gust. Both employees were knocked off the decking and fell fifty feet. Employee #1 was killed and Em ployee #2 was hospitalized with unspecified injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on July 16, 2018, an employee was on the side of a road changing a company vehicle tire. During his work, the jack slipped and the vehicle fell dow n onto the employee. The employee received multiple fractures to his pelvis and sacrum from crush injuries.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on June 11, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working from a height and cutting structural steel as part of the demolitio n of a coal conveyor.  The structure collapsed, and the employee fell.  The empl oyee sustained severe blunt force trauma to his torso and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on January 22, 2020, an employee was working ina concrete batch pl ant using a pneumatic chipping gun cleaning and chipping dried cement from energ ized equipment. The employee amputated his left thumb as a result and required h ospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on May 20, 2018, an employee was cutting a tree limb that was layin g on a power line with a chain saw from a bucket truck.  The employee cut the li mb which slid off the power line and sprung upwards, catching him under his righ t arm and flipped him out of the bucket.  The employee was hospitalized with mul tiple fractures and severed his spinal cord.
caught_nonfatal	About 8:00 a.m. on March 15, 2011, Employee #1, of San Francisco Department Public Works, Bureau of Street and Sewage Repair, drove into a dead-end. Unable to turn, he unhitched the portable air compressor (Unit Number: 450931) trailer, which rolled. Employee #1 tried stopping the compressor but was pinned against the wall, suffering fractured ribs, fractured left leg, coccyx, fractured pelvis, lacerated liver, and internal injuries and was hospitalized for 16 days. Further investigation revealed that there were no chocks on the trailer.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on June 14, 2019, an employee was installing a power pole when two lines crossed causing an electric arc. The employee incurred 1st degree flash bu rns to face, upper neck and chest and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On July 28, 2005, Employee #1, a versatile employee who did various jobs of Emerson Trailers, Incorporated, was welding trailer gates. He was welding using a Wire Feed, Arc Welding Machine. Employee #2 was in the room, but did not observe what happened. He stated he heard Employee #1 cry out. When he turned around, Employee #1 was on the floor. Other coworkers ran to see what happened and two coworkers started administering CPR. Emergency services arrived, took over CPR, and transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he later died. An investigation into the incident found that the welding machine was in the "on" position, and that the 50 Amp electrical breaker, which served the circuit to the welding machine, had been tripped. It was noted that Employee #1 did not have his welding hood on. He did have his work gloves on, but the welding gun was not in his hand. The OSHA investigation revealed that the electrical conductors (2 hot and 1 neutral), inside of the male attachment plug for the welding machine, were not securely connected to their terminal points. The visible evidence of burns inside of the attachment plug and the melting of the individual strands of the neutral conductor indicated that the neutral conductor came out of its terminal point inside of the attachment plug and it made contact with a hot (energized) wire that was also inside of the attachment plug. This contact allowed current to flow through the neutral conductor and back down to the equipment grounding attachment location, which was on the metal frame inside of the welding machine. The frame of the welding machine became energized and so did any metal parts of the welding machine that were in contact with the metal frame. The welding machine was sitting on the floor next to a tin wall, when the incident occurred. There were two electrical burn marks on the tin wall, which matched up perfectly with two electrical burn marks that were on the side of the welding machine which was facing towards the tin wall. It was believed that Employee #1 made contact with the energized welding machine and he received an initial electrical shock. He either fell against the welding machine, causing it to hit the tin wall or both Employee #1 and the welding machine hit the tin wall. When the energized welding machine made contact with the tin wall an, electrical short circuit would have been created that would be sufficient to cause the fifty (50) Amp circuit breaker to trip out.
electrocution_fatal	On December 12, 2002, an employee was electrocuted while performing his job duties at work. No additional information was provided.
electrocution_fatal	On November 23, 2013, Employee #1, an electrical power line installer employed by Highline Construction, was installing new electrical transmission lines. He finished hooking up a set of new, not-yet-energized power wires. He then had to hook up a jumper wire to the new wires. He made contact with one of the new wires that was lying on the ground and another wire from down the road. The latter wire was energized and transmitting 7,200 volts of electricity. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On August 3, 2002, Employee #1 was hired as a subcontractor to perform plumbing work at a residence in Los Angeles, CA. At approximately 10:00 a.m., he and a coworker arrived at the house; the coworker went inside and Employee #1 prepared to began to work underneath it. His job required that he access fresh water plumbing via a crawl space that was entered through an opening at the back of the residence. He continued to work until about 7:30 p.m., when he called the contractor to request he purchase an additional part from Home Depot before it closed. The contractor arrived at the site around 8:00 p.m. to get some of the supply money he had given Employee #1. He then left and returned with the part at approximately 9:00 p.m. Employee #1 continued working, but at approximately 10:00 p.m. he complained to the contractor that the house was not grounded and that he was getting shocked. The contractor asked him to come out of the crawl space, but Employee #1 responded that he could see where it was that he was getting shocked, although he did not specify the area. Within a short time, Employee #1 was shocked a second time, with enough intensity that it caused him to bite his tongue. The contractor again urged him to come out, and he then went into the house to call the property owner. At this time the coworker who had been inside the residence came out to see what was happening. The contractor was speaking with the owner when the coworker returned to the house and told him that Employee #1 was not moving. The contractor ended the call and contacted Emergency Services, who instructed him to shut off the power to the house. Employee #1 was transported by paramedics to the Martin Luther King/Drew Medical Center in Los Angeles, where he was pronounced dead. The Los Angeles County Coroner's report indicated that the cause of death was consistent with electrocution. On September 24, 2002, an interview was conducted with the electrician who did electrical work on the property after the accident. He stated that the electrical system of the house was not grounded. The service supplying power to the house, which was fed from the meter box of a neighboring residence, was comprised of two energized lines and a neutral line, but no ground wire. Also, no grounding stake was found installed at the house. Underneath the house he found an approximately 10 ft long run of 3/8 in. flexible conduit (BX cable) that contained 18-gauge hot and neutral wires that were not terminated. The hot wire in this conduit was energized and found to be drawing current from a duplex receptacle in the kitchen. The conduit itself was cut off and the wires inside frayed, making contact with the conduit possible. This flexible metal conduit, whihc was not grounded, had been run through the floor and stapled to the floor joists approximately 2 ft from the newly installed copper plumbing. A grocery bag was also found tied around the conduit, holding up some Romex wiring. Arc spots on the conduit suggest it was probably the source of contact for Employee #1. Neither he nor the contractor held electrical contractor licenses.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 7, 2021, an employee was delivering a customer order, u sing a full semi-tractor trailer.  As the employee opened the trailer doors, he was struck by a pallet of cardboard boxes, weighing approximately 600 pounds, wh ich fell from the trailer.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he died from his injuries (head trauma) at 9:33 a.m. on October 18, 2021.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 21, 2009, Employees #1 and #2 were painting an apartment complex. While working from a ladder to paint various levels of the apartment building, the ladder they were using came into contact with an overhead electrical power line. Both Employees #1 and #2 were electrocuted. Employees #1 and #2 were initially taken to UT Hospital for treatment, but were soon transferred Vanderbilt Hospital, where they were hospitalized and treated for electric shock.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 13, 2018, an employee and coworkers were connecting water p ipe in an excavation. The excavation site was on an inclining street alongside a curb. The excavation was approximately 5 feet wide by 7 feet long by 4 feet dee p. The excavation crew parked a dump truck on the uphill side of the excavation and another one on the downhill side of the excavation to provide protection bar riers from traffic for the plumbers working in and nearby the excavation. Uphill from the excavation was a disabled parked passenger vehicle. A tow truck operat or asked that the uphill dump truck be moved to give access to the disabled vehi cle. The uphill dump truck was moved downhill from the excavation. The disabled car became loose and rolled downhill towards the work crew. The runaway automobi le rolled over the employee.  The employee sustained injuries and had difficulty standing up. The employee was taken to a hospital and later died from complicat ions of the injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on November 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company a nd working at a multiemployer residential job site, was on the roof and using a leaf blower to clean out the gutter.  Employee #1 fell from the roof onto scaffo lding and then continued to fall to the ground, a fall height of approximately 2 5 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to both legs.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 27, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in interior carpentry at a multiemployer construction project, a tw o-story residential structure.  He was installing plywood sheathing on top of fl oor joists when a piece of sheathing slipped out of place.  Employee #1 fell thr ough the opening created between the joists to the basement's concrete floor, a fall height of 9 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for head trauma and a frac tured collarbone.
electrocution_fatal	On August 9, 2005, Employee #1 and three coworkers, of Rick Thomas Roofing, Inc., were installing three-tab shingles on a house. Employee #1 contacted an energized standpipe and was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on March 8, 2017, an employee was laying horizontal P VC sewer pipe line in an excavation from the residence to the main vertical sewe r clean out pipe tie in. The employee had just entered the 6-foot deep section o f the excavation, and did not recall anything after that. The employee called ou t to operator to get him out of the excavation. The employee allegedly struck hi s head against an object resulting in seizures. The employee was airlifted to Or ange Park Medical Center and admitted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 27, 2005, Employee #1 was operating a Caterpillar 318 excavator when the knuckle of the boom contacted a 13,600 volt overhead power line. Afterward, Employee #1 stated that his left arm felt numb and hot. He was transported to the UNC Chapel Hill burn unit, where he was hospitalized overnight and released the following day.
electrocution_nonfatal	A power line worker was replacing components in a handhole. An electrical fault occurred between the two line conductors on a 120/240-volt circuit. The ensuing electric arc burned the employee on the face. A coworker took him to a medical center. The injured employee was later flown by helicopter to a burn center, where he was hospitalized for 5 days with second-degree burns to his face.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on June 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was working at a multiemployer construction project, the renovation of a commercial building.  He was attempting to install a light ballast, believing t he circuit he was working on was de-energized. However, the breakers had not bee n correctly labeled, and the employee received an electric shock.  He was transp orted to the hospital, admitted, and treated for electric shock and burns.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 p.m. on July 22, 2020, an employee was working from an elevated bucket o f a utility truck to repair a damaged power pole. At some point, the employee ma de contact with unknown, energized components on the pole and was killed by elec trocution.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:39 p.m. on December 13, 2021, an employee was positioning sheet metal on a shear with his foot on the initiating pedal while he was marking the sheet metal to be cut. The employee accidentally initiated the hold down device and his fin ger was caught between the device and the metal. The employee suffered an amputa tion of his left index finger to the first digit and was treated without hospita lization.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 2:04 p.m. on March 13, 2017, an employee, a superintendent, was running a concrete coring machine to cut a hole in the floor of the building. T he machine was not securely anchored. The vacuum cups that hold the machine to f loor did not hold.  The machine spun and the handle hit the employee in the righ t upper arm causing a two inch laceration, requiring approximately 20 stitches. The employee was not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on July 12, 2011, Employee #1, of Miller Environmental Incorporated, was working at a site to demolish an auditorium building. He was on the edge of a platform of a tower scaffold (about 11 ft above the floor level) on his knees. He crawled on his knees and hands to go back to the ladder, which was about 3 ft away. As he positioned himself to get to the ladder, he lost his balance and fell down on to a floor between the wall and scaffold. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and treated for unspecified fractures.
electrocution_fatal	On December 29, 2008, workers employed by J. Henn & Son were working at a residential home, located in Baltimore, MD. They were installing aluminum window wrapping to the third floor windows. The owner climbed a ladder carrying an aluminum strip, approximately 5-ft long and 12-in. wide. At the top of the ladder, the aluminum strip the owner was holding blew upward in the wind, and into electrical power lines running parallel to the residence. The owner received an electrical shock from the 7,620 volt power line and lost his grip on the ladder. He fell approximately 30 ft to the ground. Emergency responders were called and the owner was transported by ambulance to the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Unit in full cardiac arrest. He later died of his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 11, 2016, an employee was walking along side the paver. A truck delivering asphalt bumped the employee on his back causing him to fall a gainst the paver.  The paver pulled him under the machine and  he was killed.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on August 13, 2015, a truck driver, working alone, parked the tract or and trailer, and unhooked the fifth wheel pin to uncouple the tractor from th e trailer. At this point the tractor began to coast down the hill, approximately 90 feet, until the brake lines between the tractor and trailer broke, engaging the tractor brakes. The employee may have been holding onto the fifth wheel, aga inst the most forward dual tire, and was thrown over the tires, landing beside t he cab.  An ambulance was called and the employee was taken to the hospital wher e he was pronounced dead.  An autopsy conducted by the Stark County Coroner repo rted heart attack was the cause of death.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on February 28, 2018, an employee was cutting wood with a guarded miter saw while building wooden shipping crates.  The employee struck the blade with his left hands middle and index fingers, amputating them.  The employee wa s transported by his employer to the Memorial Care Medical Group and transferred to the Orange County Medical Center where he was admitted.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on June 27, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a constr uction company, were engaged in pouring concrete at a commercial building constr uction site.  Coworker #1 was operating a concrete Georgia Power Buggy to dump c oncrete into a footer placed next to the wall of an existing building.  Employee #1 was acting as spotter for Coworker #1, who could not see the buggy's front t ires to know when to stop before falling into the footer.  Coworker #1 approache d the footer.  Employee #1, standing in front of the buggy on a small ledge prot ruding from the wall of the existing building, signaled him to stop.  Coworker # 1 stopped and engaged the bucket of the buggy to dump the concrete.  The entire buggy fell into the footer, striking and pinning Employee #1 against the wall. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for fractures of his left arm and left leg that re quired surgery.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:50 p.m. on October 6, 2017, an employee was working in the shipping and rec eiving area at a large commercial manufacturing facility. The employee was taske d with unloading a trailer of bundled aluminum extrusions, which he began doing by loosening the straps. As he was loosened the straps, the load became unstable and the bundled aluminum extrusions fell and struck the employee's left leg, ca using serious injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on January 25, 2019, an Employee was moving boxes from one pallet t o another while standing on it when several boxes fell , knocking him from the p allet.  The employee sustained several neck injuries when he fell to the concret e floor and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 10:11 a.m. on June 7, 2022, an employee was walking from the site to a work t ruck to retrieve tools. A fully extended Manitex Boom Truck (Model: 40100S, Seri al Number: 153968) was being used in the work area to replace steel pipes on the grain bin, the boom was extended approximately 100 feet at a radius of approxim ately 45 degrees.  The boom truck operator was attempting to pick up a pipe when boom truck tipped over, striking the employee and the work truck.  The employee sustained blunt force trauma to his head and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on January 26, 2017, an employee was working to remove bolts that w ere holding a 40,000 pound furnace scrapper in place. As he was arc welding the last bolt for removal, the furnace scrapper, which was  sitting on an angle on t he floor, fell.  The employee's right foot became trapped under the furnace scra pper, causing the amputation of all five of his toes.  The employee was hospital ized and treated for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 17, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was installing decking for the roof of a new three-story residential structu re, part of a multiemployer construction project.  He was on the roof and carryi ng a sheet of plywood when a gust of wind caught the plywood, causing him to fal l off the roof, a fall height of 31 feet.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On April 10, 2013, Employee #1 and a coworker were in a boom truck repairing a chimney when the basket came in contact with a 7,200 volt power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted and died at the scene.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on September 29, 2017, an employee was driving a "Jack Rabbit" Runn er to unload almonds from the reservoir cart being pulled by a harvester.  The e mployee had his arm pinned between the reservoir cart and the runner door when a coworker motioned him to move the harvester backwards.  The employee suffered a left forearm fracture.  Hospitalization was not required.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on February 13, 2018, an employee was operating the Sigma Saw and c rushed several fingers when the saw's clamping bar came down on top of them.  Th e employee amputated the tip of his right hand's middle finger.  Hospitalization was not required.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was cleaning up a worksite where a commercial building was being constructed .  A beam fell and struck the employee.  Emergency services transported the empl oyee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on September 28, 2018, an employee was testing equipment and was sh ocked from his finger to elbow with 7600V when a coworker energized the equipmen t.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on May 1, 2009, Employee #1 was trying to start a Raymond Stand-up Lift but it would not start. A coworker tried to move the disabled forklift with a sit-down forklift by pushing it from the side to get it to start. The employee was on the disabled lift. When he saw that he was heading toward a wall, he tried to turn the forklift. The forklift was not turning in the direction he was trying to turn. He jumped out of the stand-up forklift, and the frame of the forklift hit his back. He was facing the (south) wall and was caught between the forklift and that wall. Employee #1 sustained serious, unspecified injuries to his torso and was hospitalized for two days.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:20 p.m. on April 23, 2019, Employee #1 was patching a pothole in the surfac e parking lot of a shopping center.  An SUV motor vehicle driven by a shopping p atron struck the employee.  Emergency services transported the employee to the h ospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured pelvis.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 23, 2016, a worker was working from a scaffold that was b eing supported by a forklift, to complete a roofing job, when he fell and was ki lled.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:38 p.m. on December 8, 2021, an employee worked to remove and replace corru gated roof sections. As the employee stood to carry a section of roofing away, t he employee stepped onto a roof insulation board that could not support the weig ht. The employee fell approximately thirty-two feet through the roof, struck a p ile of lumber on the way to the concrete floor. The employee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the neck (cervical vertebrae) and head trauma.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 12, 2019, an employee was making an angle cut with a table saw and was pushing the material into the saw when it jumped and his left hand slipped off of it.  The employee's hand slid under the guard and into the blade while it was running, lacerating his left hand's middle and ring fingers as well as his pinky.  The employee was taken to the hospital, where his ring finger wa s partially amputated.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on November 27, 2018, an employee was guiding a  power pole into th e ground.  The power pole became energized, resulting in an electrical shock.  T he employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 5:45 a.m. on August 12, 2020, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were erecting a pre fabricated concrete storage container. The bracing was removed and the 5,000 lb. concrete wall fell on the two employees. Employee # 2 was killed and Employee # 1 was hospitalized in critical condition.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on May 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s working at a new two-story multifamily residential structure, a multiemployer construction project.  He was engaged in concrete forming work.  Employee #1 cli mbed an extension ladder to secure a 2 by 4 panel with a hammer.  The ladder was not properly secured and slid out from underneath Employee #1.  Employee #1 fel l, a fall height of 13 feet, and upon reaching the ground was impaled on an unca pped rebar.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for the impalement injury.
struck_fatal	At 2:08 p.m. on December 12, 2016, an employee was killed after being run over b y a powered industrial vehicle. After dismantling a wood pallet that a hydraulic cylinder had been shipped on, Employee #1,  a 55 year old male union carpenter, walked back to the company trailer to pick up a jacket/ sweater due to the cold weather. Employee #1 walked behind and was struck by a rough terrain forklift ( Xtreme XR1045), as it was backing up performing a snow plow pass. A coworker, an equipment operator was performing snow removal operations. The rough terrain fo rklift operator did not know he had struck Employee #1, he thought he ran over a piece of ice. The coworker went forward striking Employee #1 a second time.  Em ployee #1 sustained multiple injuries throughout the body and was pronounced dea d at the scene.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on September 14, 2021, an employee worked to install trusses on a t wo-story residence. While working, the employee fell approximately twenty feet, received a head injury, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:00p.m. on March 2, 2020, Employee # 1 was repairing an electric box. The li ne was connected to electricity from another point. Employee # 1 suffered burns on his hands. He was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 p.m. on January 16, 2020, an employee was driving an electric pallet jac k in an aisle making a turn when he lost control and slammed into a bollard at e nd of aisle. The employee caught his foot between the jack and the bollard and f ractured four toes, requiring hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on August 17, 2019, an employee prepared a concrete floor for finis hing. At the same time, a coworker operated a Skytrac to lift the finishing mach ine to an upper floor. The employee attempted to assist by pushing down on a saf ety cable to provide enough room for the equipment. As the employee held the cab le down, an upright failed and the employee fell approximately thirty feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat a fractured pelvis and a liver injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on February 28, 2017, an employee was working for a finish carpentr y contractor. He was making a wooden template and he was doing this by performin g a plunge cut with a dado blade installed on a table saw. The piece of wood bei ng cut was kicked back.  When this occurred, the employee's left hand struck the saw blade.  Part of the middle finger on his left hand was amputated and he was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on June 21, 2017, an employee was being raised upon a makeshift sca ffold platform that rested upon a fork truck. The platform measured 4 feet by 4 feet by 8 feet and was lifted to an approximate 25 feet elevation to nail a meta l facia cover in place. During work, the platform shifted and the employee fell to a concrete surface sidewalk below. The employee suffered multiple fractures a nd crushing injuries that resulted in his death.
electrocution_fatal	On August 26, 2009, Employee #1, a journeyman plumber with L.S. Plumbing & Heating, was replacing a water meter in a hotel crawlspace. While accessing the crawlspace, he used a trouble light that was missing its ground prong and had a cut in its cord. When the exposed wiring hit the water in the crawlspace, Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on December 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a flooring company, was working at a private residence.  As part of a floor repair, he was using a Skilsaw MAG 77 power saw to cut a piece of plywood.  After making a cut, as he p ulled the saw away from the plywood, he sustained a laceration above the right k nee.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hos pital, admitted, and treated for the laceration.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on December 29, 2017, an employee was reopening a 7 foot deep by 5 foot wide trench.  The employee was struck in the head and chest by sand bags th at were filled with crushed rock, killing the employee.  The employee suffered a crushed chest and heart attack.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 17, 2017, an employee was standing on a scaffold system whil e signaling a crane to place pre-fab roof panels into place. The scaffold was un guarded and the employee fell to the ground, suffering internal injuries and a l acerated heart, resulting in his death.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 4, 2020, an employee was walking in the parking lot of a distribution center when another truck driver received call that his trailer w as ready to pickup. The truck pulled forward to get the trailer and  struck and killed the employee.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:10 p.m. on May 31, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction c ompany, was engaged in concrete cutting operations for a new pavement constructi on project.  He was wearing gloves and using a MECO walk-behind flat concrete cu tting saw with an 18-inch blade powered by a gasoline 4-cylinder Hyundai motor. The blade became pinched in the cut he was making.  He tried to operate a lever switch, which moves the blade up or down, but could not get the switch to work. Then he opened up the cover enclosing the motor and the battery.  He tried to wiggle the battery cable to see if that would make the switch work.  His right h and came in contact with the cooling fan's rotating blades.  His right middle fi ngertip and that part of the glove were shredded.  The employee received medical treatment for the fingertip amputation and possible electric shock and was rele ased without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on February 26, 2019, an employee was grinding a piece of metal on a set of steel stairs when it became stuck and he lost control of it. The angler grinder wheel did not have a guard.  The employee lacerated his left hand when it kicked up and struck him.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:05 a.m. on May 28, 2019, an employee was cutting a piece of starboard with a table router and his hand slipped.  One of the employee's finger was amputate d when it struck the router bit.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on November 30, 2018, an employee was removing shingles from the r oof when he fell off of it.  The employee sustained injuries to his neck and bac k that required two surgeries.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	On September 3, 2008, Employee #1 was cleaning the tail-gate of a dump truck. His right hand on the left bottom hinge when the tail-gate closed and pinched his fingers. Employee #1 lost part of his right middle and index finger but was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 12, 2017, an employee was tarping a load of wood chips on a trailer.  He was on a ladder and holding onto the trailer door to help climbing up.  The door broke and the employee fell down to the ground and fractured his skull and arm.
struck_fatal	At 6:15 a.m. on December 19, 2018, an employee was leaving his truck when he was run over by a second tractor trailer that was being backed up by a coworker.  T he employee was hospitalized with a fractured pelvis and several other fractures .  The employee died the following day.
caught_fatal	On October 22, 2012, Employee #1, of S.M. Hentges & Sons Inc., was operating a backhoe excavator, dredging vegetation and sedimentation from a pond used to collect runoff from an airport. The pond covered approximately 4 acres. It was 30 ft. to 40 ft. deep. The pond's top 2 ft. was water, and the remaining depth consisted of cattail bog and decomposing vegetation. Employee #1 was operating the backhoe on top of wood mats used to support the backhoe and prevent it from sinking into the pond. He was keeping three mats underneath the backhoe and moving one mat in front as he moved forward. The mat farthest to the rear rolled, causing the backhoe to begin sliding into the water. Employee #1 attempted to rotate the backhoe cab to stop the machine from sliding. He was found crushed to death, pinned between the top of the cab and the mat. Minnesota OSHA investigated and proposed two serious citations.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 a.m. on October 17, 2017, an employee was working for an express deliver y service. He was coupling two semi-trailers together. He was struck by the driv er's side wheels of the second trailer and he sustained crushing injuries to his body and head. The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On October 4, 2011, Employee #1, an equipment operator, was loading a Link-Belt crane onto a lowboy trailer bed. The crane's cab was removed and then chained to the crane for secure roadway transport to the repair shop. Employee #1 was standing between the chained cab and the cab's frame as he drove it onto the trailer. The chain broke and pinned Employee #1 between the cab and frame. Employee #1 sustained a fracture to his right lower leg and was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 9, 2017, an employee was removing old wooden shingles wi th hand tools.  The employee fell 9.5 feet from an extension ladder, and receive d fatal head injuries.
caught_fatal	At 6:50 a.m. on February 9, 2022, Employee #1 was standing between his delivery truck and the loading dock, preparing to offload palletized beverages. Employee #1 had backed his delivery truck into dock #4 and was standing between the rear of the truck trailer and the loading dock.  Employee #1 was preparing to offload palletized beverages that were to be delivered to the store, when the vehicle r olled back and pinned Employee #1 between the truck and the loading dock.  Emplo yee #1 was discovered dead by an employee working at the store.  The vehicle's p arking brake had not been applied.  The coworker theorized that Employee #1 had forgotten to apply the parking brake before exiting the vehicle's cab, and the t ruck rolled back while Employee #1 was manipulating the lift gate of the truck a nd was pinned between the truck and the loading dock. The employee was killed du e to traumatic compressional asphyxia.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on February 18, 2019, Employee # 1 was using a Cleereman 820 Reamer /Drill Press to ream the rod end eye to the finished size. The part was secured in a jig prior to the start of the process. The downward stroke of the reamer is automatic but the reamer head must be returned to the beginning position manual ly. The part was loosened from the jig prior to the reamer head being manually r eturned to the beginning position. The reamer was running at that time. The bit of the reamer caught the side of the rod end eye. This caused the part to spin o ut of the jig and trap the employee's left index finger tip in between the rod o f the part and the side of the jig. This led to an amputation of the tip of the left index finger. The entry states he was not hospitalized, but it is likely th at he was.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working from an extension ladder.  The ladder slipped, and Employee #1 f ell, a fall height of 4 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple hairli ne fractures of his vertebrae.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 13, 2002, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing work when he contacted some overhead power lines. He received an electric shock,sustaining injuries that required hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m., on August 18, 2015, an employee was applying primer to sheetrock s o that insulation material could be installed over it. He was working on the 14t h level of a 16 level scaffold.  Six insulation employees were working in the ar ea of two scaffolding systems.  Three of the workers were on the 14th level of t he 16-level scaffold and the other three were on the ground underneath the scaff olding.  The scaffold systems were approximately 95 feet above the ground.  One system was a 5 foot by 7 foot frame scaffold that was two columns wide.  The oth er system was a 3 foot by 5 foot frame that was one column wide. The two systems were connected by wire.  One masonry worker was also on the scaffolds carrying stone block from the building across the 3 foot by 5 foot scaffold to be staged on the 5 foot by 7 foot scaffold in preparation for installation to begin that a fternoon.  Approximately 31,783 pounds of block was added to 6 levels of scaffol d and it collapsed. One of the employees was thrown from the 14th level of scaff old during the collapse and was crushed under stone block and scaffolding compon ents.   The employee suffered head trauma, facial fractures , fractures to the c ervical and thoracic spine, sternum and rib fractures and lacerations of the liv er and spleen with associated bleeding and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on March 10, 2017, an employee was installing steel roof decking. The employee fell over 31 feet from height. The employee was killed by blunt for ce trauma to the body.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:30 a.m. on June 16, 2016, an employee had pulled his rig into a large facility bay to pickup a metal scrap box. He was told by the mill opera tor to pull his rig or trailer out of the bay until the mill shuts down. It appe ared that the employee may have seen that his rig was rolling forward so he atte mpted to jump into his cab to stop it. The employee became pinned between the ca b and the side wall at the entrance of the bay. The employee was crushed to deat h.
struck_fatal	At 6:20 a.m. on August 17, 2020, an employee and two coworkers were working in t he loading and unloading area of a parking lot. The employee was walking toward coworker #1, who was loading an excavator (Kubota Model: KX121-3ST) onto a parke d trailer. At the same time, coworker #2 was backing up a utility truck (Altec M odel: AT37-G and Serial Number: 114DE17259) approximately one hundred seventy fi ve feet south from his parked trailer. Coworker #2 was backing up, using his mir rors and the back-up camera, when he struck the employee. The employee was kille d as a result of blunt force trauma to the body.
caught_nonfatal	At 08:30 a.m. on July 15, 2019, an employee was working on a truck link  when hi s left middle finger became smashed. The employee was hospitalized with an infec ted left middle fingertip that required amputation and some bone loss. On August 07, 2019, the employee called the employer from the hospital to notify their su pervisor that the  injury was work related and that the fingertip was amputated. On August 09, 2019, the employer reported the injury to DOSH.
fall_fatal	At 3:48 p.m. on July 2, 2022, an employee was sweeping the roof. The employee fe ll off the roof a distance of 11 feet 8 inches. The employee struck his head on the concrete floor and was killed.  The task at the site involved the repair of an existing roof, and the employees were in the process of tearing off the old r oof.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 14, 2021, an employee had just completed a day of dumping a loads of asphalt on a road construction project. The employee parked his dump truck and was raising the bed to scrape the residual asphalt out of it when it came in contact with a 7,200 volt overhead power line. The dump truck became ene rgized and the employee, who was standing outside of the truck, was electrocuted and killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on September 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in carpentry work at a three-story residence. He was using a De walt (model number: DW708, serial number: 17172), 12-inch sliding compound miter saw secured onto a Rigid Miter Saw Stand to cut two door casings.  As he operat ed the saw, the rotating blade made contact with his left thumb and index finger .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al, treated for the amputation of the two fingers, and released.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on March 10, 2022, Employee #1, Employee #2, and a coworker were di sassembling the pump jack scaffold. The pole on the pump jack scaffold came in c ontact with the high voltage power line. Employee #1 and Employee #2 were electr ocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on January 7, 2019, an employee was opening a transformer cabinet when an electric arc occurred and he sustained second degree burns to his hands. The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on June 24, 2019, an employee installed strapping along the perimet er of rebar base. While the employee walked on the rebar, the employee lost bala nce and fell approximately four feet onto a protruding metal support bracket. Th e employee received an impalement injury to the shin and was hospitalized for tw o days.
electrocution_nonfatal	A service manager for a car-wash equipment sales and service company was running late. He was to have started work at approximately 7:00 a.m., before a car-wash establishment opened for business. The service manager met with the car-wash manager in the morning, proceeded to the electrical room, and began working alone. At approximately 7:45 a.m., the service manager began replacing a failed 480-volt, 50-ampere circuit breaker for a circuit feeding a screw-type compressor. He had not deenergized the circuit supplying the circuit breaker, even though the car wash was not operating. The car-wash manager wanted to keep the circuit energized so that the computers in the car wash would remain energized. (The service manager could have refused to do the work energized, but he decided to replace the circuit breaker anyway, as he would have had to come back another day before the car-wash operation started.) As the service manager installed the replacement circuit breaker, he caused an electrical fault between two terminals. The ensuing electric arc burned the worker's face. He was hospitalized with first-degree burns to his face. Despite his job title, the service manager did not manage other employees; he only managed assignments related to maintaining car-wash machinery, but typically worked alone under the direction of his supervisor. The service manager was experienced. His employer had trained him in lockout-tagout procedures and provided personal protective equipment.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on July 25, 2018, an employee was working in a construction zone on a highway when a vehicle left the active lanes and entered the closed construct ion lanes. The vehicle struck the employee and a coworker as it passed through t he construction zone. The employee was hospitalized with fractures to his ribs a nd vertebrae, a dislocated shoulder, concussion, brain bleed, torn rotator cuff, contusions to kidney, liver and lung, and a collapsed lung.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on February 28, 2017, an employee was doing trim work on top of a 2 by 4 on a residential structure. The employee fell 6 feet to the ground and su stained bruises on his face.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at the site of a new two-story residential structure.  He climbed a stepladder while holding a 24-foot by 16-inch floor joist intended for installat ion on the second floor.  As he reached the top of the ladder, he lost balance a nd fell, a fall height of approximately 8 feet.  The joist fell on top of him an d struck his chest.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on January 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s operating a bending machine to prepare metal stock for a building's metal roof .  He inadvertently kicked the machine's controls, and the machine closed on his hand.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital.  He was admitted and treated for a crushed right hand.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 7:45 a.m. on November 9, 2007, Employee #1, an inspection crew leader for Environmental Roofing & Waterproofing, Inc., was heading up a leak inspection crew on the flat roof of an unoccupied commercial office building in Redwood City, CA. Employee #1 saw a potential leak point and removed an LB fitting from an adjacent upright pipe. A coworker, who was the facility maintenance assistant for the property managers, was with him at the time. Employee #1 grasped the wires into a bunch with his left hand and was putting the fitting on again with his right hand when the wires flashed and he received an electrical shock. Personnel onsite called 911 and Employee #1 was transported to Stanford Hospital, where he was treated and released later that afternoon. After the accident, electricians were hired by the property management firm. The electricians later stated that seven wires in the pipe had carried 480 volts and two had carried 120 volts. They indicated the main breaker for the facility had engaged and shut down all power. Employee #1 later stated that there were no wire nuts or tape on the wires, so he thought they were not energized. The employer was cited for a violation of T8CCR 2320.1(a), only qualified persons shall work on electrical equipment or systems; a violation of T8CCR 2320.3, Tests. All electrical equipment and systems shall be treated as energized as required by Section 2320.2 until tested or otherwise proven to be de- energized; and a violation of T8CCR 3203(a)(7), Injury and Illness Prevention Program.
fall_fatal	At 7:45 a.m. on March 20, 2015, an employee was working in the operation of conc rete shot.  The employee tripped while carrying a steel rod and fell  from a hig h of 28 feet.  The employee sustained severe body trauma and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:11 a.m. on October 1, 2021, an employee assisted a coworker, who was opera ting an end loader (John Deere 624J) with unloading pipe. While the coworker ope rated the end loader, the employee attempted to jump onto the vehicle ladder. Th e employee slipped off the ladder and was run over by the loader. The employee w as killed by injuries sustained.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on March 7, 2018, Employees #1 and #2 were engaged in construction work at a farm museum.  They were working from the deck of a SkyJack Scissor Lif t and removing perlings -18-foot long steel beams, each weighing approximately 2 50 pounds - from an overhead garage door.  As they attempted to remove a perling and place it into a vertical position held by a chain, they lost control of the beam, which in turn pulled the scissor lift over.  Employees #1 and #2 fell fro m the scissor lift, a fall height of 12 to 15 feet.  Emergency services were cal led, and both employees were transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple injuries.
fall_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on March 1, 2016, an employee was operating a bulldo zer to level a ground surface. The employee fell off bulldozer, and was struck b y the bulldozer. The bulldozer kept on going and the employee died of internal i njuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 28, 2017, an employee was working for a firm engaged i n commercial and institutional building construction. He was plastering a wall a nd was being moved on a rolling scaffold. As that occurred, he may have become e ntangled with overhead wires with a hand tool. He fell off the rolling scaffold, and he sustained head trauma. He was hospitalized for his head injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 6, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in roofing work at a single family residential building. He was cl imbing a ladder to access the roof when he experienced a medical event that caus ed him to lose consciousness.  Employee #1 fell from the ladder to the ground, a fall height of 8 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for traumatic brain injury and injuries to the head and multiple other parts of his body.
fall_fatal	At 8:22 a.m. on September 3, 2020, an employee and coworker were using an aerial lift (JLG) to access a roof to clean debris and repair holes. At some point, th e employee left the lift basket to walk towards the center of the roof. While wa lking, the roof collapsed under the employee who fell approximately twenty-five feet. The employee was killed by unspecified injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 p.m. on July 8, 2018, an employee was repairing the tire on a dryer.  T he employee was checking on a belt when the drill being used to turn the drum st opped.  The employee touched the belt and it pulled his left hand towards the pu lley, amputating his middle finger from the first knuckle.  The employee was hos pitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 25, 2007, Employee #1, the electrical supervisor for Pacific Splicing & Testing, Inc., and his coworker/assistant were in the M-Line Sub Fab (electrical supply room) at the NEC facility. They had opened the back of the 12-kilovolt panel labeled T-28, exposing the energized system. The supervisor was wearing leather gloves and holding a metal wrench with his right hand when he contacted the exposed energized parts in the cabinet. The current went through his tool, his leather glove, his right hand and out his right knee, which had contacted the metal cover of the panel. The shock caused the supervisor to be thrown backward into his coworker. Both Employee #1 and his assistant were transported by ambulance to the UC-Davis Medical Center. Employee #1 sustained serious injuries and was hospitalized for ten days.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on February 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in interior carpentry work at a commercial building construction project.  He was using a ladder to gain the needed height to nail a stud.  Stand ing on the ladder's second step, he  attempted to hold a stud with his left hand and his nail gun with his right hand.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell ba ckwards, a fall height of 2 feet.  As he fell, the nail gun discharged, and a na il punctured his abdomen.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was t ransported to the hospital, admitted, and he was treated for a puncture wound.
fall_fatal	At 9:20 a.m. on October 28, 2017, an employee installing sheathing on a single-s tory garage roof with a steep pitch. The employee was installing roof sheathing without fall protection and fell. The employee struck his head on ground and was transported to hospital. He later died.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:30 a.m. on September 3, 2018, an employee was guiding a pipe on the rig flo or and slipped, catching his hand under a drill pipe that was being set on the r ig floor.  The employee partially amputated one of his fingers and was hospitali zed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on January 17, 2017, an employee was located in a firewater storage tank and standing on an extension ladder to take a measurement. As he reached t o measure the particular area of the tank, the ladder slipped. The employee fell 17 feet to the bottom of the tank, sustaining a  fractured left leg. The employ ee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury. The incident investig ation reported that the ladder was not properly secured on the slippery surface of the tank, causing the ladder to slip.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on March 19, 2021, an employee worked to remove old roofing materia l from a commercial roof. At some point, the tension of the roofing material bei ng pulled back pulled the employee forward and the employee fell approximately t wenty feet and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:42 a.m. on July 29, 2019, Employee #1 was working from an 8-foot stepladde r and cocking a ventilation unit at a hotel.   As he descended the stepladder, h e slipped and fell, fracturing his left wrist.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he received medical treatment for the fracture and was relea sed without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 30, 2018, Employee #1 was unloading his tanker truck that was filled with heated liquid asphalt, into storage tanks at an asphalt manufac turing facility. The employee backed his tanker truck up to the plant storage ta nks. He put on all of his necessary PPE (flame-resistant long sleeve shirt, thic k rubber gloves, eye protection, and a helmet with a plastic full facial shield) , and notified the plant foreman that he had arrived to unload his tanker. The e mployee then vented his truck by opening the lid located on top of the tanker to help with the suctioning of the material. As he hooked up the discharge hose fo r the product, the employee opened his rear discharge valve and the plant forema n began to turn on the plants pump to suction out all of the heated liquid aspha lt. It was noted that the heated liquid asphalt was approximately 325 degrees Fa hrenheit. The line began shaking, and seemed to be clogged or the load was empty . The employee decided to take off the rear discharge hose from his tanker. The line was still pressurized and burst off the rear discharge connection and spray ed Employee #1 in the face with the heated liquid asphalt. The plant foreman hea rd the employee screaming and came to his aid. The plant foreman then shut off t he pump for the plant and ensured that the employee was brought to a safe locati on. Emergency services were then called. Employee #1 sustained second degree bur ns to his face, neck, and upper chest. He was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_fatal	On September 27, 2019, an employee was delivering approximately 22 tons of #57 D olomite crushed stone and his truck started to roll down the driveway.  The empl oyee went after the truck to stop it and it continued to roll downhill, striking several trees and brush before coming to a stop.  The employee was crushed betw een the runaway truck and several trees and killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:25 p.m. on August 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a two-story multifamily residential structure.  He was working f rom an aluminum extension ladder and replacing galvanized steel gutter downspout s when his hands made contact with live overhead high voltage lines.  He fell fr om the ladder, a fall height of 10 feet.  Employee #1, who sustained head injuri es and electrical burns to both hands, was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	An employee was using a bull float with a 6.7-meter-long aluminum handle to finish a concrete slab at a new-home construction site. A 12-kilovolt overhead power line crossed the perimeter of property at a height of 4.3 meters close to where the employee was working. The handle of the bull float contacted the power line, and the employee received an electric shock and sustained severe burns. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 20, 2002, Employee #1 was pouring concrete for a road job when his truck contacted energized overhead power lines. Employee #1 received an electric shock, sustaining injuries that required hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 10, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servi ces company, was working at a seven-story commercial building.  He was working f rom a stepladder and wiring 277-VAC light fixtures into the ceiling.  Employee # 1 made contact with energized wiring conductors and fell to the concrete floor, a fall height of 9 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for head trauma and mult iple fractured ribs.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:15 a.m. on February 18, 2014, an employee who was the company vice presiden t, was finishing the final checks of the auxiliary transformer before bringing t he entire power plant on line. At 7:49 a.m. a newly installed startup transforme r was energized. The employee left his crew to check on something. The employee climbed up to the start-up transformer and it is believed that he was trying to fix an oil leak from a relay located next to the auxiliary transformer. The empl oyee came in contact with an energized 34.5 KV bus and fell approximately 8 feet to the ground below. The employee was transported to the Guam Memorial Hospital , and then later transported to Taipei Veterans General Hospital and passed away .          The victim suffered severe electrical burn in multiple body parts, ca used multiple organ failure then died.  34.5 KV start-up transformer, 83.7 amper es.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s part of a work crew removing tiles from a single-story residential building's roof as part of repairing roof leaks.  Employee #1 fell to the concrete surface, a fall height of approximately 8 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fra ctured heel.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 21, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a water well drilling co mpany, was dewatering a construction site.  The guy wire on the drill rig snappe d free, leading to an electrical power line striking the employee.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was adm itted and treated for the electric shock and injury to his arm.
struck_fatal	At 7:45 a.m. on May 2, 2014, an employee was digging up dirt and loading a wheel barrow. Employee crossed a residential street and was struck by a privately own ed vehicle. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 6, 2018, an employee was working on a light fixture wh ile standing on a ladder. At some point the employee fell from the ladder and re ceived fractures to his skull, elbow, and wrist. The employee was hospitalized f or an unspecified amount of time for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:16 p.m. on November 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was framing the roof at a multiemployer construction project, a single famil y residential structure.  Carrying a nail gun, he climbed up a 6-foot A-frame la dder inside the house to nail part of the roof structure.  As he prepared to cli mb down, the nail gun activated, and a nail shot into his neck.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported and admitted to the hospital. The puncture wound required surgery
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 23, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, painters subcontr acted by a construction remodeling company, were completing a four-day project t o repaint the exterior of a residential structure.  Employee #1 was stepping ont o the extension ladder when he fell, a fall height of 8 to 9 feet, and struck hi s head on the concrete surface.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured skull.  Employe e #1 died while hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 11, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was replacing a power pole and connecting lines to a new pole.  He came into contact with an energized line while not wearing his PPE.  The employee su stained an electric shock and burns to his back and both hands.  Emergency servi ces transported the employee to the hospital, where he was treated for his injur ies.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on November 2, 2009, Employee #1 was working from a ladder jack scaffold. He was installing drip edge on a house. When he raised a 10 ft piece of aluminum drip edge to install it, it contacted a 19,900 volt overhead power line located approximately 4 ft above the roof peak. Employee #1 was shocked. He fell from the scaffold to the ground 20 ft below. Employee #1 suffered lacerations, electrical burns and internal injuries. He died at the hospital while being treated.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 28, 2022, an employee was ascending an A-frame ladder when h e apparently had a seizure and fell to the concrete floor. The employee suffered a fatal blunt force impact to his head, which fractured his skull.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on November 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an infrastructure c onstruction company, was operating an excavator at a highway construction projec t.  He was struck by a metal beam that was being hoisted.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	On February 8, 2008, Employee #1, a helper with Jacino Electrical was pushing wires from the top of a large electrical panel located at the rear of a shopping center when the employer determined after testing that the 480-volt panel was live and stopped the work. Several metal covers had been removed from the panel to facilitate the wiring. Before leaving the immediate area, the employer told the workers to clean up the site. Employee #1 climbed a stepladder to remove a sheet of plywood that had been placed inside the top of the panel. After removing the plywood, he carried up a metal cover that he believed fit into the area occupied by the plywood. Before he had a chance to place the cover inside the panel, an arc flash occurrd and that knocked Employee #1 off the ladder. The City of Davis Fire Department responded and transported him to the UC-Davis Burn Center in Sacramento. Employee #1 sustained second-degree burns to his face and neck and third-degree burns to both wrists, but he requested to be released from the hospital the following day.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 19, 2018, an employee was adjusting an experimental particle accelera tor with a new setup.  The accelerator was assembled with metal screws that were not grounded so when the employee touched the accelerator, he received an elect rical shock of approximately 8,000V to his right wrist.  The employee was transp orted to the hospital for treatment for dermal burns on both wrists and was chec ked in for observation for two days.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 19, 2022, an employee held a tagline to a CONEX containe r lifted by a crane. As the crane lifted the CONEX container, the container shif ted and turned towards the employee and crane. The employee placed their right h and between the container and crane and the employee's hand became caught betwee n the two. The employee received an amputation to the right-hand pinky and ring fingers and was treated without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on March 30, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a mechanical contracto r, was working at the renovation of a commercial building.  He was installing PV C drain pipe.  As he moved from one work area to the next, he fell, striking obj ects on the way to the floor.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital.  He was hospitalized and treated for fractured r ibs and a fractured scapula (shoulder blade).
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in interior carpentry at a multiemployer construction project, a residential structure.  He was working from a baker's scaffold (a mobile tubular welded frame scaffold) and hanging window shades when he fell and struck a prot ruding electrical box on the ground.  Emergency services were called, and Employ ee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractu re and muscle damage to his left leg and a shoulder injury.  Employee #1 require d surgery for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a tile and stone fabric ation and installation company, was using a forklift to move a piece of granite in the employer's yard.  During this operation his hand slipped between two piec es of stone, and his left middle finger was crushed.  The employee was transport ed to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of the crushing injury. The subsequent investigation revealed the employee had not received training in the safe operation of forklift trucks, and the company had no written forklift program.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on November 30, 2017, an employee was working for a co-operative e lectric utility, or co-op. He was working at a coal-fired generation plant. The plant received shipments of coal from a railroad. The railroad would place coal cars, or hoppers, filled with coal at the plant. The employee was working with a coworker to move cuts, or strings, of hoppers around the plant to where they we re needed. The coworker was in the lead locomotive, or unit, of two or more loco motives, working as the engineer. The employee was working on the ground, as a s witchman, or on the cars, as a brakeman. He was directing his coworker in the le ad unit. The hoppers were being shoved and pulled through turnouts, or switches, for positioning on the proper track. The locomotives pushing the main portion o f the cut of hoppers began moving. The employee had not expected this motion. He attempted to apply, or set, the hand brake at the end of a hopper manually. He fell off the car he was riding and landed in the path of the cars wheel. His ri ght leg was run over and amputated. He was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on May 22, 2020, an employee was working for a firm that engaged in long-distance truckload general freight trucking. He was a truck driver. He had backed his tractor trailer into a position at a loading dock. He got out of the vehicle. He was standing at an open bay to the loading dock, looking into the w arehouse. Another truck driver backed a second tractor trailer into the adjacent open bay. He struck the employee. The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on March 1, 2018, an employee was assisting in the removal of roof panels.The employee fell approximately 46 feet through an opening in the roof, striking a concrete floor below. The employee suffered multiple internal injurie s, resulting in his death.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 7:30 a.m. on April 15, 2005, Employee #1, a master electrician in the state of Maryland, was subcontracted by a Calico Corners store to install a switch that would make it possible to turn the store's lighting on or off without the use of breakers. A short circuit in the main disconnect caused an electric arc, and he suffered second-degree burns on his right elbow. At approximately 8:30 a.m. on the same day, Employee #1 sustained second- and third-degree burns from wrist to elbow on his left arm from a second arc that was caused by another short circuit in the main disconnect. The extent of his injuries required that he be hospitalized. Employee #1 failed to lock out the equipment before beginning work, and still had not locked it out after the first accident.
struck_fatal	At 6:10 a.m. on July 15, 2020, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a construc tion company, were working at a multi-employer construction project, a road repa ir/maintenance project.  Employee #1 was painting areas around embedded pavement castings when a dump truck, which was backing up, struck and ran over him.  Emp loyee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on March 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plastering and masonr y construction company, was engaged in exterior masonry work at a multiemployer construction project, a one-story residential structure.  He was connecting a co ncrete pump to the tow hitch of the transporting vehicle when the pump rolled to ward him.  Employee #1 was struck by the pump and caught between the pump and th e transport vehicle.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was hospitalized and treated for strains to both legs ' thigh muscles, fascia, and tendons.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:45 a.m. on May 8, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, field technicians empl oyed by an electrical contractor, were working at a hotel.  They were performing an annual maintenance check and load test on the hotel's emergency power genera tor.  During the load test, while attempting to correct the line orientation, Em ployee #1, who was holding an electrical wire, made contact with the commercial line.  An arc flash occurred.  Both employees continued to work, but Employee #1 , when his hands began to bother him, left the work site and drove himself to th e hospital.  He was treated for first degree burns on both hands and was release d the same day.  Back at the work site, Employee #2 continued to work.  As he at tempted to reseat strands of a transfer wire, a second arc flash occurred.  The maintenance engineer at the site called for emergency services.  Emergency respo nders transported Employee #2 to the hospital and then transferred him to a burn center.  He was admitted and treated for second degree burns to his hands and w rists.  Employee #2 remained hospitalized for 5 days.
electrocution_nonfatal	Four electric utility employees were verifying ratio changes in transformers at a substation. The lead employee entered the compartment of an air circuit breaker to place a test lead on a deenergized 4160-volt bus. He contacted an energized 4160-volt busbar instead and caused an electrical fault. The ensuing electric arc severely burned the four employees. They were hospitalized for their injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On April 11, 2011, Employee #1 was attempting to secure and load a storage container at a trucking and storage company. Her skull was crushed between the steel frame of a hoisting machine and container, and she was hospitalized. No other details were given in the narrative.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on November 2, 2017, an employee was painting trim boards.  The em ployee was working from an aerial boom lift and had completed the work and was i n the process of coming down to the ground when the employee made contact with a 32,000 volt primary power line.  The power line was approximately 12 feet away from the building.  Contact with the power line was made in the back of the head and the exit wound was through the right hand which was in contact with the boo m lift railing.  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:45 a.m. on July 20, 2016, Employee #1 was blocking windows. He removed a floor hole cover and fell 15 feet to a concrete floor and was kill ed.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on April 17, 2018, an employee was pulling a reclining sofa from a storage rack using a SP 3500 stand-up forklift.  The employee caught his hand be tween the rack and the forklift's overhead guard, tearing some tissue and a fing ernail and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:35 p.m. on November 15, 2021, an employee was operating a Crown Lift Truck (Serial No. 1A374013, Model No. RC5545-40) to move two refrigerators.  The lift truck hit a stack of washers and the employee fell to the floor.  His foot was c rushed under the wheel of the lift truck, resulting in a fracture of his left bi g toe.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 6:22 p.m. on December 31, 2014, Employee #1 was standing on a loading dock, w aiting for the truck driver to back the semi-truck all the way into the dock. Th e employee tried to call the truck driver by cell phone to see why he had stoppe d short of the dock, but got no response. After a few minutes, Employee #1 decid ed to jump down between the dock and trailer and go talk to the driver. At that moment, the truck began backing up, crushing Employee #1 between the semi-truck and the loading dock, killing the employee.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 8, 2019, an employee was riding in an aerial lift. At so me point, the employee made contact with high voltage electricity and received b urns to the chest and face. The employee was hospitalized for the injuries.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on December 28, 2017, an employee was driving a scissor lift when he struck his head on a door frame.  The employee was killed from head injuries.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 23, 2017, an employee was beginning to work on a roof w hen he fell through a sky light and fell approximately 50 feet to the concrete g round.  The employee was killed as a result of his fall.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on February 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a sewer/water treatment plant.  He was engaged in installing a new 18-inch water pipeline when an excavator bucket fell from its connection, r olled down an embankment, and struck Employee #1, pinning him against the water line.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for ankle sprains and contusions of his kne es and legs.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on August 22, 2015, a roofing employee was in the process of using a materials hoist to lower tool bags from the roof to the ground, approximately 25 feet below. The employee had been installing flashing around this commercial flat roof's edge and the other two coworkers on the roof were packing up materia ls as they were done for the day.  The employee was using a Garlock Equipment Co mpany Swing Hoist to lower some tool bags with his equipment to the ground, appr oximately 25 feet below, when the boom assembly tipped over the edge of the roof and fell to the ground. As the boom assembly fell over the edge of the roof wit h the rest of the hoist, it allegedly struck the employee and pushed him off the roof to the ground.   The employee struck the parking lot pavement below and su stained a severe traumatic brain injury and was in a coma at the medical center where he died on August 28, 2015 at 11:10 a.m.
caught_fatal	At approximately 8:10 a.m. on December 6, 2009, Employee #1 was operating a Yale standup-style powered industrial truck (Model Number OS030BE, Serial Number D826N01925A) to relocate inbound freight. On this industrial truck, the operator platform is raised and lowered with the forks. Besides the overhead guard and arm on either side of the operator platform, the forklift had an open operator compartment. Employee #1 extracted a pallet of product. The pallet of product was on the machine's forks, as he stood on the platform facing the opposite direction of the forks (i.e., facing the controls of the order selector). Employee #1 backed toward the storage rack in order to put the pallet into a floor-level slot (Slot Location Number B396A). As he operated the forklift, he proceeded too far into the storage rack and became pinned between the mast of the order selector and the first horizontal rack beam (i.e., an under-ride situation occurred). A coworker found Employee #1 pinned against the rack a few minutes later. The coworker immediately summoned emergency medical personnel and began rendering aid to Employee #1; however, Employee #1 died from his unspecified injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 20, 2018, an employee was cutting wood panels using a t able saw and lowered the blade down.  The employee struck one of his fingers wit h the blade and lacerated it.  Hospitalization was not required.
struck_fatal	At 1:05 p.m. on April 17, 2021, an employee was transporting panes of glass on a highway and reported in that he was going to perform a routine flatbed load ins pection that is required every 3 hours or 150 miles. The employee pulled over to the side of the highway to perform the required load check and, for unknown rea sons, unsecured both cargo straps that held the panes of glass to the trailer. D ue to the slope of where the employee pulled over and no tension on the cargo st raps, the panes of glass fell from the trailer on top of the employee. The emplo yee was trained on how to handle, inspect, and transport this particular kind of load. The employee died of multiple fractures, lacerations, and punctures from the impact of the falling glass and impact with the ground.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:51 am on December 9, 2009, an employee was working in the attic above an auditorium of a newly constructed building. The employyee was attempting to move wiring from a previously installed receptacle box into a metal junction box in an effort to extend the wiring to another receptacle box which would be used to provide power to a ceiling mounted multi-media projector. The victim was apparently electrocuted and killed when he came in contact with an energized (110-volt) conductor while wiring the junction box.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 30, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a water and sewer line construction company, was in the process of removing a manhole cover.  As he hel d the cover, the cover moved/shifted.  The employee's finger was caught and crus hed between the ground and the base of the cover.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fingertip amputation.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on July 31, 2014, Employee #1, a flagger, was working in the roadway flagging for an excavator being delivered. He was struck by a ve hicle and killed.
struck_fatal	At about 1:45 p.m. on August 28, 2014, Employee #1, a truck driver, was loading a metal bin containing recyclable aluminum radiators on a roll-off truck. The el evated hoist became entangled with an overhead telecommunication line.  Employee #1 climbed onto the roll-off hoist to free the line.  Once freed, the tension i n the communication line caused Employee #1 to fall from the hoist.  Employee #1 was killed when his head struck the metal frame to the automatic tarp system on the truck.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on October 28, 2021, an employee worked to remove underlayment on a residential roof. While pulling up a section, it pulled up easier than expecte d, the employee lost balance and fell approximately seventeen feet. The employee received a skull fracture and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servic es company, was installing lighting at a multiemployer construction project, a c ommercial building.  As he was working on energized wires, he sustained a shock and burns to his hands.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the electric shock and burns .
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:30 p.m. on July 19, 2019, an employee was operating a powered industrial truck. The employee had a foot hanging over the side of the lift and it was caught between the rack and the lift, causing the toe to be amputated. The employee was hospitalized for these injuries.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 1, 2021, an employee kneeled in front of a truck to fasten a chain to the front in preparation to pull it out of mud. At the same time, a c oworker operated a backhoe to back up to the truck and swung the bucket towards the truck, striking the employee and pinning the employee between the truck and the bucket. The employee received upper body trauma and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a utility constructi on company, was attempting to locate an underground conduit.  He was using a fib erglass duct rod with an attached copper wire.  The rod came into contact with a ground bar inside an energized switch gear.  Employee #1 received an electrical shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the electrical shock and burns to his shoulder and both feet.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 11, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a roofing company, were instal ling roofing materials on an existing two-story residential structure.  They wer e setting up a TranzSporter Platform Hoist, Model TPZ250, which was attached to a 28-foot aluminum ladder.  Multiple energized power lines transmitting 7,260 vo lts ran above them.  As Employee #1 stood and secured the ladder at its base, Em ployee #1 began to drive the ladder skyward.  The ladder came into contact with an energized power line and became energized.  Both employees sustained electric al shocks.  They were transported to the hospital, where they were admitted and treated.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on June 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a steel construction comp any, was engaged in steel rebar work at a multiemployer project, an airport addi tion.  While holding some concrete blocks, he was walking along a 2 by 4 wood jo ist installed over a 6-inch concrete footing excavation.  Employee #1's right fo ot rolled/slipped, and he put his weight on his left leg.  He fell, and his leg fractured.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated f or a fractured leg.
caught_fatal	At approximately 6:00 a.m. on July 9, 2010, Employee #1 was assisting in the connection of a trailer to a semi-truck. The night before, the owner instructed him to open the locked gate in the morning for an independent contractor semi-truck driver to pick up a trailer. In the morning, Employee #1 opened the gate for the driver who then attempted to hook up the trailer to the semi-truck. Employee #1 removed the pin lock at the rear of trailer. As the driver moved the semi-truck and trailer forward approximately 5 ft from the dock, the trailer slipped from the fifth wheel and missed the connection. The driver exited the truck and engaged the landing gear to support its uncoupling. Next, he backed up the semi-truck and trailer a second time to engage a proper connection, and then moved forward towards the gate when he observed Employee #1 on the ground. At some point, Employee #1 was pinned between the semi-truck and loading dock, which resulted in Employee #1 receiving multiple traumatic injuries that killed him.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 10, 2022, an employee worked in an excavation to install concrete blocks for a retaining wall. While working the excavation and concrete blocks collapsed and struck the employee as they fell and was hospitalized to t reat multiple bone fractures.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on November 16, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a con struction company, were engaged in framing operations for a new residential stru cture, a multiemployer project.  Employee #1 was setting beams working from the top plate of the first floor walls, while nearby coworkers were using a piece of Oriented Strand Board (OSB) to move materials onto the first floor walls for th e floor sheathing.  As Employee #1 moved to exit the work area, he attempted to use the OSB as a runway to cross the corridor.  The OSB collapsed, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 9 feet.   He struck his head against the wood framed wall during the fall.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 t o the hospital, where he was treated for a head concussion and a fractured clavi cle/collarbone.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 28, 2018, an employee was working as a roofer on a res idential roof. At some point, the employee slipped and fell approximately fiftee n feet off the roof. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment of fractures to the right arm and elbow.
struck_nonfatal	On April 12, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a plumbing and heati ng company, were engaged in installation work at the construction site for a res idential building.  Employee #1 was using a demolition saw to notch concrete whe re a PVC pipe was to be installed.  He then proceeded to hand the saw to Coworke r #1.  While doing so, Employee #1 looked away, the saw moved unexpectedly, and the rotating saw blade made contact with Employee #1's left leg.  Emergency serv ices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was treat ed for a laceration to the leg.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 1, 2016, a truck driver was found unconscious next to a sem i-truck trailer he had been loading. Emergency services were contacted and he wa s transported by helicopter to a nearby medical center where he died the next da y as a result of severe head trauma. The incident investigation revealed that th e truck driver had been securing loads on the trailer with ratchet tie-downs and fell from the trailer, striking his head on the concrete surface below.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:15 p.m. on September 20, 2018, an employee had been called out to investiga te a power outage and was connecting a hoist's hook to a grip attached to a down ed high voltage transmission line.  The employee sustained an electrical shock t hat entered through his right hand and exited his left hand.  The employee was h ospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On November 22, 2003, Employee #1 was unloading a sand blaster from the bed of a Ford F700 bucket truck, which was parked directly under a 34,000 volt power line. He was using the manbasket as a crane to pick up the machine and place it next to bags of blasting sand. In the process of off-loading, the basket's arm contacted the overhead line. The intensity flew the truck's tires off their rims and creating 6 in. craters underneath the tires. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on January 7, 2019, an employee unhooked his lanyard and was about to egress from the roof via ladder.  Te employee lost his footing, slid off of t he roof and fell 42 feet.  He struck a palm tree then continued to fall to the s urface. The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 1, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a truck and crane servic e, was working at an electrical utility company's yard.  Employee #1 and coworke rs were moving, rearranging, and rigging wood utility poles in racks.  Each pole weighed more than 3,000 pounds.  Pole lengths varied.  Employee #1 was walking on one of the poles when it shifted.  Employee #1 lost his footing and fell back wards, with one leg straddling the pole.  A second pole, racked at a higher tier , rolled down and pinned Employee #1 against the pole.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and tr eated for multiple injuries, including a fractured spine, fractured ribs, a punc tured and collapsed lung, and a bruised liver.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 9, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a cons truction company, were engaged in site clean-up, clearing brush and trees.  Cowo rker #1 was operating a Stihl MS460 chainsaw.  Employee #1 walked up behind Cowo rker #1.  Employee #1 sustained a laceration to his arm when Coworker #1, unawar e of Employee #1 behind him, lifted the saw.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and received tre atment for the laceration to his lower arm.  The laceration required 29 stitches .
fall_nonfatal	At 8:20 a.m. on June 14, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in reroofing activity at a one-story commercial building.  He was moving lumber from a forklift to the ro of's peak when he lost his grip on the lumber and, as a result, lost balance.  E mployee #1 slip down the roof and fell, a fall height of approximately 14 feet. He was wearing a harness connected to a vertical lifeline, but the system did n ot perform properly, and he hit the ground.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple sprains and contusions to his legs, torso, and arms.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on October 5, 2016, an employee was removing some securement equipm ent when they were struck by approximately 21,000 lbs of glass.  The employee wa s killed from blunt force trauma injuries and lacerations.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on December 10, 2014, Employee #1 was working  under a truck, remov ing the drive shaft. The truck was positioned on an inclined surface for better access to the drive shaft. The truck  shifted and the tire of the truck ran over Employee #1's head, crushing it and killing him.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 3, 2018, an employee, working as a framer, was hanging fas cia board on the second floor of a building. While working, the employee lost hi s balance and fell seventeen feet. The employee received a fracture to his right leg from the fall.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 26, 2013, Employee #1, an electrical worker with both Clackamas Electric Inc. and Russell Construction Inc., was installing plumbing and lighting fixtures, when he accessed a three-phase electrical panel (a live 480 volt 600 amp panel). Employee #1 removed the cover and began removing dead front panel components, when a metal plate contacted a hot bus bar and grounded on the panel frame. This created an arc flash, which burned Employee #1's left forearm, and face, and neck. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:50 p.m. on January 15, 2018, an employee unloaded a pallet of salt on the Rotel Deck and was closing the decks gate while remaining seated on his forklif t.  The employee grabbed the base of the gate and moved his forklift forward, sw inging the gate.  As the gate closed, the employee caught and crushed his right hands fingers against the forklifts overhead guard, partially amputating his r ight index finger.  The employee was transported by ambulance to Modesto Memoria l Hospital and was later transferred to Doctor's Hospital of Modesto, where his finger was reattached.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on June 10, 2015, Employee #1 was on a metal porch r oof when he fell 9.2 feet.  He struck the concrete floor with his head ad died.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on September 13, 2017, Employee #1, an electrical co ntractor, and other coworkers were working on a roadway expansion construction p roject. They were removing de-energized aluminum street lights in close proximit y of energized power lines. As Employee #1 removed one of the aluminum street li ght pole from a crane, the pole contacted a 7,620 volt AC overhead power lines. Electricity flowed through the metal pole and electrocuted him.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 7, 2018, an employee was cutting an inch square metal t ube with a Kyler Johnson Horizontal Bandsaw and put his right thumb by the saw b lade before striking it.  The employee amputated the tip of his thumb and was ho spitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:05 p.m. on October 31, 2018, an employee was operating a Crown RC 5500 Seri es Standup Powered Industrial Truck and was approaching a bollard too quickly. The employee put his hand out to try and stop the lift before hitting the pole, crushing his left hand when it was caught between the truck and bollard.  The em ployee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 5:57 p.m. on April 14, 2021, an employee painted siding from an aluminum exte nsion ladder. At some point, the employee lost balance, fell approximately twent y-five feet, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 29, 2012, Employee #1 was working in the back yard of his employer's residence in Anaheim, CA. He was performing service/maintenance to a portable electric generator in preparation for its use during the following week's work. He attempted to pull the start cord of the generator, which created a spark that ignited the gasoline vapor. In the ensuing flash fire and flashback, Employee #1 was engulfed in flame. He was hospitalized and treated for burns to his face and upper extremity. The employer reported the incident to Cal/OSHA on October 01, 2012. Cal/OSHA initiated its investigation at 11:00 a.m. on October 3, 2012. Employee #1 had been employed as a painter by the employer for approximately three months, assigned to work at various job sites. He was not a contracted employee.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 a.m. on December 8, 2017, an employee was walking across a highway to ge t some material and was struck by a vehicle, killing him.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a commercial building. He was operating a cement mixer when his hand became caught in the unguarded op ening at the bottom of the machine.  The machine's rotating blade lacerated his finger.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported and adm itted to the hospital.  His left index finger required amputation at the knuckle .
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:40 p.m. on June 19, 2019, an employee was standing on a ladder replacing a fuse in an electrical substation. While replacing the fuse an electrical arc occ urred causing the employee to fall back off the ladder. The employee was hospita lized with electrical burns to his hands and a spinal injury that resulted in pe rmanent disability.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on March 1, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a construction subcontractor, were working at a multiemployer project, a residen tial building renovation.  They were performing exterior carpentry work to the t hird floor of the house.  Coworker #1 heard a scream from below.  Employee #1, w ho reportedly was working from a scaffold and removing nails from a wall, had fa llen through the scaffold's inboard edge opening, a fall height of 20 feet.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for three rib fractures, fractures to two vertebrae, and lung bruising.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 19, 2016, an foreman employee, forklift operator, and two crew members (working at ground level) were attempting to offload a steel stairc ase from a forklift to a staging area in the fabrication yard at the facility. The staircase was attached to the forks of the lift with clamps.  The two crew m embers were in the process of removing the clamps immediately before the inciden t.    The staircase was positioned vertically on the forks, with two clamps secu ring the staircase to forks at the front of the load and two clamps securing the staircase to the forks at the rear of the load.  As one of the clamps was remov ed, the bottom of the staircase (sitting on the forks) slid outward along the fo rks, shifting into a horizontal position.  The employee was struck and then caug ht between the staircase and a fork on the lift. The employee was pronounced dea d upon arrival of emergency responders.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 a.m. on July 4, 2019, an employee was operating a forklift with an atta chment when it tipped over. The employee was killed when he was ejected and stru ck his head on the mast of the forklift.
caught_nonfatal	On March 7, 2014, Employee #1, a roofer employed by a roofing construction company, was working at a three-story multifamily apartment building. His task was to replace a small section of flashing on the edge of the roof. Employee #1 fell off the roof to the ground below, a fall height of approximately 28 feet. As he fell, his fall was broken by a tree limb. Emergency services were called and, upon arrival, found Employee #1 conscious and standing. He was transported to Western Medical Center, treated for a laceration to his nose, and released. This incident was reported to Cal/OSHA on March 7, 2014, by the Irving Police Department. During the subsequent investigation, it was established that the injury was non-reportable, because Employee #1 was under hospital care and observation for fewer than 24 hours. When interviewed, Employee #1 stated that the assigned task was of such a short duration that he did not put on his employer-provided fall protection, contrary to his employer's requirement. Had his 28-foot fall not been broken by the tree limb, his injury likely would have been more severe.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 23, 2015, Employee #1 was driving a modified golf cart, put ting down retro-reflective tabs on Highway 71 near mile marker 141.  The employe e was heading northbound on the right hand shoulder of the highway when he neare d a motorist, who was not being escorted by a pilot vehicle and was driving nort hbound in the right hand lane.  As the motorist neared the golf cart, the golf c art unexpectedly swerved left into the motorist path.  The golf cart was struck by the motorist and both vehicles ended up on the right hand side of the road. Employee #1 was killed and sustained atllanto-occipital dissociation, fracture o f C5 vertebrae with marked soft tissue hemorrhage, subarachnoid hemorrhage, mult iple fractured ribs, fractured pelvis and various lacerations and contusions.
struck_fatal	At 8:15 p.m. on May 10, 2016, Employee #1 was standing on a powered industrial t ruck platform to retrieve items from the third rack of industrial warehouse shel ving. The platform was approximately 15 feet from the ground. As Employee #1 was picking up an object from the shelving, he fell to the ground and was knocked u nconscious. A coworker, who was driving by the aisle, noticed the worker lying f ace down with his head next to the vehicle and his feet near the racks on the op posite side of the aisle. The warehouse supervisor was notified of the incident and emergency services were contacted. The worker was taken to a nearby hospital where he was treated for his injuries that included a fractured skull, lacerati ons, crushed vertebra, broken toe, and bruising throughout his body. The worker died four months later on September 25, 2016. The incident investigation reveale d that the worker was wearing a full body harness; however, it could not be veri fied whether his 6 foot lanyard was connected to the O-ring on the back of his b ody harness.  The lanyard was hanging freely from the lift truck's anchorage poi nt on the elevated platform.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 22, 2002, Employees #1 through #3 were in a 3-ft-deep excavated area in the basement of a three-story multi-family residence, performing a seismic retrofit of the structure. Employee #1 was spraying diesel fuel on a concrete surface prior to the application of wood form work to prevent the formwork from adhering to the existing concrete. Employee #2 was using a Craftsman rechargeable drill to install screws onto a piece of wood formwork, and Employee #3 was holding an electric lamp to illuminate the work area for Employee #1. The drill evidently ignited the atomized diesel fuel vapor. Employees #1 and #2 suffered second-degree burns to both forearms, both hands and their faces. Employee #3 suffered second-degree burns to his face. All three employees were hospitalized at Alta Bates Medical Center.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:28 a.m. on August 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, wa s working at a two-story multifamily residential building.  As he retrieved mate rial from the roof, he slipped on the roof's surface and fell to the concrete su rface below, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractu res of the foot and leg.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:15 p.m. on July 24, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction c ompany,  were putting away the 35-foot aluminum extension ladder they had used w hile painting the exterior of a house.  The ladder made contact with the house's power service line, and electricity was conducted through the aluminum to the e mployees.  Both Employee #1 and Employee #2 were electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 8:48 p.m. on May 31, 2018, two employees were working for a contracting firm. The employees were working for a firm that constructed industrial buildings and other projects. Employees #1 and #2 were working at on a night road constructio n project. The work consisted of excavation and pipe installation in three roadw ays for a project being conducted for the Water District. The two employees sup erintendent was in a trailer at the project site. Employees #1 and #2 left the t railer yard at the project site to set up traffic control prior to the overnight work. They left the yard at approximately 8:40 p.m. and traveled westbound to t heir stopping point. They stopped in the road's bike lane approximately 0.40 km (0.25 miles) east of an intersection. They were in the firm's Chevrolet Silver ado. They were towing an arrow board for traffic control. In accordance with eng ineered traffic plans, and to be in compliance with 8CCR 1598 and the CA Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices, four signs had been placed in the bike lane and right shoulder every 152 meters (500 feet) behind the incident location. In order of approach, the signs stated: 1. Road Work Ahead; 2. Right Lane Closed; 3 . 40 MPH [or 64 kph, down from a regular speed of 89 kph (55 mph)]; and 4. Merge . The arrow board was the fifth form of traffic control in the sequence encounte red by a driver traveling westbound on the road. The vehicle was fully within th e bike lane. Employees #1 and #2 exited the vehicle to unhitch the arrow board f rom the vehicle. The arrow board was also fully within the bike lane. The employ ees had to unhitch the arrow board. Employee #1 was located between the back of the vehicle and the arrow board on the driver side of the Silverado. Employee #2 was near the rear of the vehicle on the passenger side. At approximately 8:50 p .m., Employees #1 and 2 were struck by a private vehicle. They sustained fatal i njuries. They died at the scene of blunt trauma to multiple body parts. They wer e declared dead onsite and transported to the Orange County Coroner's Office. Th e Orange County Police Department estimated that the vehicle was traveling at ap proximately 97 kph (60 mph) when the employees were struck.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 18, 2017, an employee was operating a RAYMOND designate d RT38 reach industrial truck (Model #752-DR32TT and Serial #752-14-BD45766) whe n it crashed in a rack upright.  The employee lost control of the lift reach tru ck as he attempted to make the left turn into the aisle #C03, pinning his lower left leg between the lift and the storage rack's metallic upright.  The employee suffered a crushing/ fractured left lower leg and was transported to Riverside University Healthcare.  His leg was amputated at later date.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 22, 2020, Employee #1 was working on a construction pro ject for an existing water/sewage treatment plant.  As he moved a diamond plate cover, he lost his balance and fell into the sewage pit, a fall height of 15 fee t.  Employee #1 drowned.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 28, 2019, an employee and a coworker attempted to clos e and pin the tailgate of a truck when the tailgate fell down. The employee's ha nd became entangled in the tailgate chain and received lacerations and fractures to two fingers. The employee was taken to a local hospital and later hospitaliz ed for surgery to treat finger injuries.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on April 29, 2016, a worker was manually removing floor boards from the second story of a barn that was used as a hay loft. As he stood on the exte rior edge of the loft to remove some floor boards, he fell 13 feet to a concrete surface below. He landed face first, suffering multiple fractures to his head, ribs, and face. The worker was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was determin ed to have died.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on December 8, 2015, two employees were ascending on a swing-stage scaffold to inspect the I-beam supporting the scaffold system.  The Company's Sa fety Manager asked the employees to ascend on the swing-stage scaffold to inspec t and adjust the I-beam supporting the scaffold system. The Safety Manager made the request after they attempted to move the swing-stage scaffold from the groun d and one of the I-beam trolleys being used to support the scaffold system and l ifelines became stuck.   The I-beam supporting the swing-stage scaffold was part of a High Bay Pallet Storage (HBPS) system upper guide rail. The upper guide ra il supporting the swing-stage scaffold was designed to keep the HBPS system cran e plumbed during operation and not designed as a load bearing I-beam. The upper rail was approximately 76 feet, 9 inches above ground level and consisted of six teen I-beam sections. Trolley anchors were used to connect the Spider swing-stag e scaffold system to the I-beam. The upper guide rail I-beam was connected and s upported by cross aisle ties (CATs). It was established during the investigation , the weight of the scaffold system and the I-beam exceeded the CAT's maximum in tended load capacity. At the time of the accident, the upper guide rail (I-beam) sections were not connected and had visible gaps between the rail joints. The S afety Manager and scaffold competent person did not perform a visual inspection of the upper guide rail prior to using the scaffold. The rail sections gap incre ased as a result of the CAT deflection due to the imposed load. The gaps allowed three (3) I-beam rollers to roll off the I-beam causing the employee to fall ap proximately 40 feet to the next lower level. The employee received multiple inte rnal injuries resulting from a forty (40) foot fall and being struck by the swin g-stage scaffold which also fell from a height of approximately forty (40) feet, and was killed.  The employee was fatally injured when a Spider swing-stage sca ffold fell approximately 40 feet to the next lower level. A second employee was left suspended from his lifeline and suffered minor injuries.
caught_fatal	At approximately 7:26 a.m. on July 26, 2010, Employee #1, an employee of Terik Roofing, was operating a Lull Rough Terrain Forklift, on a jobsite at a juvenile correction facility. Attached to the forklift's forks was a basket containing roofing material. Employee #1 emptied the basket's materials into a dumpster and was preparing to raise the forks and back up the lift, when he noticed a shingle hanging from the basket. Employee #1 got out of the forklift and walked between the front of the forklift and the dumpster to reach for the hanging shingle. For some reason, the forklift rolled forward pinning Employee #1 between the dumpster and the forklift. Medical personnel from the juvenile correction facility attempted to revive Employee #1. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
electrocution_fatal	 At approximately 8:09 a.m. on September 1, 2011, Employee #1 and his Employer arrived at a residence in Topeka, Kansas to start a reroofing job and the shed. Employee #1 got out of the truck and started to set up the ladders while his Employer was getting the tools out of the truck. In the process of setting up the ladders, Employee #1 accidently contact with the 7200 volt overhead power line with the aluminum ladder. The employer heard an arcing noise and found Employee #1 on the ground. The Employer used a roofing tool to knock the ladder off the power line then summoned emergency medical services. The employer attempted to perform CPR until the Soldier Fire Department arrived and took over. Employee #1 was taken by ambulance to Stormont Vail Hospital where he later died.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 1, 2002, Employee #1, a supervisor for a telecommunication installation contractor, was working from a Telsta T-40C aerial device mounted on a Ford F-800 truck. He was elevated to a height of approximately 27 ft, installing fiber-optic communication cable from pole to pole. The truck was being slowly driven between poles by a coworker, and Employee #1 was operating the aerial device. He was positioning the aerial lift when it contacted an energized 12-kilovolt power line. Employee #1 received an electric shock and suffered injuries that resulted in the subsequent amputation of an arm and shoulder.
caught_fatal	At approximately 3:15 p.m. on July 26, 2012, Employee #1 and the employer were t ightening bolts and welding inside the second level and front top of a cattle tr ailer (manufactured by Wilson Trailer Company). Employee #1 stepped out of the c attle trailer to get an industrial fan and water because of the hot climate in t he trailer. He used an extension cord and fan to help cool the inside of the tra iler, where the employer was working. Employee #1 then got back out of the trail er and walked around the rear of the trailer to the left side between the traile r and a bench drill machine (space about 14 inches). He was wet from perspiratio n and became wedged between the trailer and the drill machine, he was electrocut ed from a damage extension cord.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:18 p.m. on June 19,2019, Employee #1, employed by a road construction compa ny, was walking down a newly paved residential street to grab a shovel.  He deci ded to move a piece of steel that was in the middle of the street.  The employee bent over the 30-inch square steel that was covering a 24-inch manhole.  He too k a step forward and stepped into the hole opening, a 14 foot fall to the sewer at the bottom of the hole.  He then climbed up the manhole ladder, and emergency services were called. The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of contusions to the arms and back.
struck_fatal	At 10:54 a.m. on January 18, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working in a highway work zone.  He was struck by the counterweight of a n excavator and pinned between the excavator and a concrete traffic barrier.  Em ployee #1 sustained crushing injuries and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On December 14, 2005, Employee #1 and a coworker were replacing a 200-amp circuit breaker in an energized 480-volt switchboard. They short-circuited an energized two-phase busbar, causing an arc flash and fire. Employee #1 suffered second- and third-degree burns on his face and hand, with approximately 10 percent of his body sustaining burn injuries. Although he was working on a live distribution panel, no insulated gloves, insulated tools, suitable barriers, or approved insulating materials were in use at the time of the accident.
fall_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on July 7, 2022, an employee had just finished making 33.5 inch ver tical cuts at each end of an 84-inch wide window sill.  The employee was leaning out the window, trying to throw an airline to a coworker, when the ledge he had just cut fell, and he toppled out of the fifth story window, striking his head on the way down before landing in the debris below.  The employee died as a resu lt of blunt force trauma to the head.
electrocution_fatal	On March 15th, 2010, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were removing 1 inch metal pipe from a drilled hole in the road. The pipe was constructed of 10 ft. segments. Both employees pulled 30 ft. of the pipe out of the hole and made contact with the overhead power line in the process resulting in the electrocution of Employee #1 and burns to Employee #2.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on July 16, 2007, Employee #1, a trainee, was on a scissor lift platform with the job site foreman, accessing a ceiling light junction box. They were switching out the last row of lights for that week. Employee #1 was using a pair of wire strippers to extract a wire nut from a #12 wire in the box when he contacted the live 277-volt circuit. The foreman, seeing this, cut a wire above Employee #1 to free him, then administered CPR and first aid. Employee #1 was taken to Los Angeles County USC Medical Center, where he was hospitalized. This was the last row of lights to be worked on that week and previously the systems had been switched out with the power turned off. The foreman had elected to work on the system live on the day of the accident, apparently because it was the end of the day and he was eager to complete the job. The employer was cited for a violation of T8CCR 1509(a), Injury and Illness Prevention Program; T8CCR 1509(c), No Code of Safe Practices maintained at the work site; T8CCR 2320.1(a), Qualified employees performing work on electrical systems; and for an accident-related violation, serious, of T8CCR 2320.2(a), Inadequate work procedures on energized electrical systems.
electrocution_fatal	On August 15, 2003, Employee #1 was using an electric screw gun to work on a metal building when the tool malfunctioned. He was trying to repair it when he was electrocuted. The screw gun was plugged into an extension cord at the time of the accident.
electrocution_fatal	On January 8, 2005, Employee #1 was electrocuted while changing fluorescent light bulbs on a sign.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on April 6, 2022, an employee and three coworkers on scaffolding, r emoving work forms from the wall of a stairwell on the first floor. The employee fell approximately 17 feet from the first floor to the cellar, injuring his hea d and torso on the concrete floor.  The employee was killed due to multiple blun t force injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 5:40 p.m. on August 10, 2003, two employees of Carter Kelly Inc. were working at Ponderosa High School in Shingle Springs, CA. The school was undergoing a remodel of the science and home economics wings and was in the last inspection phase. The employees were checking for a leak in the propane gas piping in science classroom J-7. Employee #1 was checking the work stations by smelling for gas around the perimeter of the room. Employee #2 was removing panels from under the desk and work stations, which is where the existing gas lines had been capped. After removing two panels using a screw driver, Employee #2 went to his truck to retrieve a battery-operated drill and began to remove the third panel. While removing this panel, the propane in the room ignited. Both employees were hospitalized with third degree burns on their legs and arms. Neither employee was using a gas detector, but the gas had been turned on so they could locate the leak. It was later determined that the gas line cap had been left off under a desk in the back of the room.
caught_fatal	On July 29, 2009, Employee #1 was attaching a chain to a pump unit that was to be lifted by an excavator. The excavator operator, attempting to avoid hitting vehicles on the road side, did not see Employee #1 and struck him with the excavator bucket, pinning Employee #1 between the pump and bucket. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 10, 2020, an employee was rolling up tow straps and was caught between a Serco AB8700 Airbag Dock Leveler and a truck.  The employee was struck in the head when a load fell off of a forklift's tines and fractured his skull, killing him.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on November 13, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction and r oofing company, was performing roofing work at a multifamily residential buildin g.  He was climbing a fixed access ladder from the building's third story landin g to a roof hatch when he fell, a fall height of 27 feet.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitte d and treated for a subdural hematoma and fractures to both ankles.  Employee #1 was in a coma for 9 hours.  He then was declared brain dead.  An autopsy was no t performed due to organ retrieval.  According to the subsequent investigation, there were no witnesses to the fall.  A police detective stated that Employee #1 slipped and fell backwards off the ladder and over the 34-inch high landing rai ling.  He then hit the second to third story stair railing, which sheared at the securing bolts, and continued to plummet, finally hitting the roof of a Ford F- 150 pickup truck parked below.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multiemployer construction project. He was working from a l adder and installing siding to a residential structure. As he was crossing from the ladder to the roof, Employee #1 lost his footing and fell to the concrete su rface, a fall height of approximately 15 feet. Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fractu res to his fibula and tibia.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:15 a.m. on November 20, 2018, Employees #1, #2, #3, and #4, electrical line workers employed by an electrical contractor specializing in high voltage lines , were working at an underground electrical vault.  Employees #1, #2, and #3 wer e working inside the vault, and Employee #4 was outside the vault.  They were co mpleting the final phase of a Voltek Vault replacement that included changing ou t dead break elbows with load break elbows and replacing 3-way junctions with 4- way junctions along one of two 12-kilovolt circuits, the circuit on the vault's south side that was de-energized and grounded.   Employee #1 was working on the north side of the vault, racking and zip-tying energized high voltage electric c ables, when an arc flash occurred.  All four employees were injured in the flash .  Employees #3 and #4 were transported to one hospital, where they were treated and released.  Employees #1 and #2 were transported to another hospital, where Employee #2 was treated and released.  Employee #1, who was closest to the origi n of the flash, was critically injured.  Employee #1 was transferred to a burn c enter, where he was hospitalized for several weeks for treatment of second and t hird degree burns to his face and hands.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:15 a.m. on April 4, 2018, Employee #1 responded to a power outage that occ urred as a result of a tree falling on a power line. Employee #1 initially used a bucket truck to reach where the tree struck the line; however, the terrain was too muddy. He then used a safety harness to climb the utility pole, assuming th e line was grounded. While ascending the utility pole, Employee #1 contacted the energized power line and was electrocuted. A nearby coworker, who heard a loud sound, looked back and saw Employee #1 hanging  from the utility pole. The cowor ker immediately contacted emergency services.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 23, 2019, an employee was delivering some material to a company and was clearing a clog in a 4 inch pressurized transfer hose.  The e mployee fell approximately 11 feet from the loading dock and struck his head on the ground, killing him.  Emergency Services was contacted and the employee was transported to Wayne County Morgue.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on September 15, 2018, an employee completed delivery of a load of concrete to a construction site and was cleaning the discharge chute. At some po int, the employee's ring on his left hand got caught in the concrete chute and t he ring was pulled off of the finger, de-gloving it. The employee's finger was l ater amputated as a result.
struck_fatal	At 11:07 a.m. on November 7, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a fra ming construction company,  were working at the construction project for a new o ne-story commercial building.  Employee #1 was rigging/securing a large wooden t russ to a forklift operated by the coworker.  As the forklift began to lift the truss, the truss toppled over and struck Employee #1.  Employee #1 sustained blu nt force traumatic crushing injuries to his upper body and head and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 22, 2021, an employee operated a aerial lift and ran in to a second aerial lift. For an unspecified reason, the employee became caught b etween the two aerial lifts and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 2:48 p.m. on April 1, 2016, two employee were both taping sheet rock and stan ding on temporary platforms. Employee #1 was working at the second floor level i nside the elevator shaft and Employee #2 working at the forth floor level inside the elevator shaft. Employee #2's platform collapsed and fell onto Employee #1 and both employee along with 26 pieces of 5/8 inch sheet rock fell to the baseme nt. Both employee were struck and killed by the falling sheet.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 10, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a road and bridge co nstruction company, was stacking I-beams in the storage yard.  With the assistan ce of a crane, the employee hooked up a 30-foot leg from a chain sling to a 30-f oot piece of I-beam.  As the beam began to rise off the ground, the leg of the c hain slid to one side of the beam, pinching and amputating the thumb on the empl oyee's left hand.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the amputation.
caught_nonfatal	On April 21, 2009, Employee #1 was driving a forklift downhill on a ramp from the loading dock to the parking lot. The ramp had a width of 8.08 ft and slope of approximately 1:10 with 42 in. high railing on one side and the warehouse wall on the other side. Two vertical concrete columns protruded about 7 in. from the wall. As employee #1 was driving the forklift down this ramp, he lost control and hit the second column. During this accident, his left wrist was crushed between the concrete column and the frame of the forklift. There was no load on the forks at the time of the incident. Employee #1 suffered open fracture to his left wrist. Surgery was performed to repair the damage, and he was hospitalized for four days.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:25 p.m. on October 29, 2018, an employee inspected a utility pole to deter mine any signs of rot or deterioration. After completing the inspection, the top portion of the pole was removed and tied/ guyed to secure the pole. The employe e climbed the pole to disconnect communication lines in preparation to remove th e pole and then began to descend the pole. At some point, the pole cracked and b roke approximately twelve to fourteen inches below ground and the pole fell over . The employee fell and the pole landed on top of the employee who received frac tured ribs and a ruptured spleen. The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on October 30, 2018, an employee was cleaning the roller of a 22D-8 75 50 inch Top and Bottom Adhesive Spreader when his glove was pulled into the r ollers and sustained an avulsion to his pinky.  Hospitalization was not required .
electrocution_fatal	On November 16, 2004, Employee #1 was working in the motor control center at the Fajardo Regional Waste Water Treatment Plant. He was situated next to a main breaker that was energized to 1,000 amps. Employee #1 was trying to pass a fish tape through the electrical conduits to feed a lighting cable system when he contacted the electrical circuit and suffered an electric shock. He was immediately transported to Fajardo Regional Hospital, where he later died.
electrocution_fatal	On February 13, 2003, Employee #1, a painter, was repositioning a partially extended 40 ft aluminum ladder. He was attempting to step around the base of another ladder when the top of the ladder he was carrying contacted a 24-kilovolt energized power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on March 17, 2014, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by Circle M Contractors, Inc., was engaged in carpentry work at the construction site for a new residential building. He was installing bracket scaffolding on the exterior of a second-story residence. Employee #1 installed one of the brackets for the scaffolding on two temporary wood braces nailed to the top and bottom of a window sill frame instead of attaching the bracket directly to the structure. When Employee #1 stepped onto the scaffolding planks, the temporary braces gave way. The braces fell into the window opening. Employee #1 and the scaffold planks fell approximately 17 feet to the ground below. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Palomar Hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including a fractured left hip and injuries to the arm and head. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA at approximately 4:45 p.m. on March 17, 2014. Cal/OSHA opened its investigation on April 29, 2014.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 9:15 a.m. on August 30, 2013, Employee #1 and a crew were renovating and repairing at a townhouse and condominium complex. The complex was adjacent to a lagoon where water had severely damaged wood including at second story balconies, stairs and stucco walls. Employee #1 was working with a concrete crew that was installing concrete floors on a balcony. Employee #1 needed a tool brought up to the balcony. He leaned on a section of a 2 ft by 4 in. lumber railing at the edge of the balcony to look for the coworker. While leaning on the section, the railing became unattached and Employee #1 fell approximately 9.83 ft onto a patio below. The concrete crew foreman stated that Employee #1 had not been doing anything unusual and he had put his hand on the rail for support and leaned over slightly when the rail came off. Other coworkers stated that there was no mid-rail on the balcony and that the railing, which failed, had been attached to the outside of the framing. Emergency medical personnel were summoned. They arrived and transported Employee #1 to a hospital. He suffered injuries causing neck and leg pain, but no fractures were identified. Employee #1 was released the next day, August 31, 2013, with diagnosis of possible small tracheal and esophageal injury and edema in neck muscles and ligaments.
caught_nonfatal	On May 14, 2013 Employee #1 was operating a Walkie Rider to pick up when he went too fast and the employee lost balance. The employee's left foot fell down from the Walkie Rider stand and was caught between a wooden pallet and the Walkie Rider. A coworker called Emergency Rescue Service and the employee was transported to Antelope Valley Hospital, where was he was diagnosed with a compound fracture of the left ankle. Employee #1 was hospitalized for three days.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 4, 2018, an employee was working on an electrical meter that was pulled from the meter base and reached in with a screwdriver to clean o ut a nest of ants.  The employee sustained second degree burns to his neck and l ower face when he touched the energized 480V base.  The employee was hospitalize d.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 28, 2020, an employee accessed a roof by a straight lad der to begin removing old wood near the roof edge. At some point, the employee f ell approximately nine feet and found by a coworker, who called for emergency re sponse. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat a skull fra cture and back injuries.
struck_nonfatal	On August 18, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction comp any, were working at a multiemployer construction project.  They were working fr om a swing stage scaffold and engaged in forming walls.  The two employees desce nded to ground level to get materials and equipment.  As they carried the materi als up to the scaffold platform, the platform wire rope snapped and the scaffold platform fell to the ground.  Both workers were protected by the fall protectio n equipment they were wearing.  However, Employee #1 was struck by equipment and materials and fell several floors before the fall protection equipment stopped his fall.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries to his back, arm, and legs .
struck_fatal	At 1:40 p.m. on May 8, 2015, an employee was placing 3 inch PVC conduit in an ex cavated trench. The excavation exposed one side of a retaining wall and its foot ing, which ran parallel to the trench. A 4 X 6 inch wooden board was placed in u nder the exposed footing and wedged up against the opposite embankment to suppor t the retaining wall from collapsing. The employee removed the wooden support an d the wall collapsed into the trench, pinning the employee against the adjacent trench wall. The employee suffered fatal blunt force trauma injuries to the ches t and minor abrasions to the head.
caught_fatal	On September 23, 2010, Employee #1 was operating an excavator for road construction. The machine tipped over and pinned Employee #1 between the equipment and the ground. Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 19, 2022, an employee climbed a ladder to access a roof. As the employee attempted to step off the ladder, the employee slipped and fell approximately ten feet. The employee was taken and admitted to the hospital to treat a fractured left wrist and unspecified, minor injuries to the left side of the face.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on October 14, 2014, an employee was installing flas hing on a flat roof. He fell from the ladder while descending from it to the con crete surface below. The employee suffered from head injury, and fractured back and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On November 12, 2013, Employee #1, a concrete pump operator with Maxicrete Inc., Dba Maxicrete, was cleaning the equipment (Putzmeister; Model Number: TK-50 Mobile Concrete Pump) at the end of the day, using a garden hose. The pump was energized and was under power to facilitate cleaning. Then, Employee #1 turned off the machine, and he reached through the slot grate at the front to remove a plug of hardened slurry from the feed at the bottom. When the feed valve moved, it caught Employee #1's right hand fingers. When Employee #1 pulled back on his gloved hand, the tip of his middle finger came off. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At approximately 8:45 a.m. on November 28, 2014, an employee was talking with ot her coworkers inside the building. While they were talking, the mezzanine collap sed, resulting in the employee being trapped and three other coworkers escaping unharmed.  The fire department and the police department emergency services unit s removed portions of the collapsed building to free the workers. The employee s uffered compression of the torso below rubble from a collapsed building and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on October 22, 2019, an employee and a coworker were pouring a con crete foundation for a new two-story single family home during poor weather (rai n and wind). The employee and coworker were walking on the pre-cast concrete for ms while the employee directed the flow of the concrete using the pump hose conn ected to the concrete pump truck (Putzmeister Model Number BSF-36 truck mounted concrete pump) and the coworker was observing from several feet away. At some po int, the metal boom of the concrete truck made contact with the nearby 7.2 Kv hi gh voltage overhead power lines. The employee was hit by the electrical current and knocked off of the form nine feet to the ground. The coworker began to convu lse and also fell off of the form. The employee and coworker were transported to a local hospital, where the employee died of electrocution and the coworker was hospitalized due to hearing loss, burns to hands, nervous system and other body damage with resulting permanent disabilities.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 5, 2018, an employee was installing floor sheathing on the second level of a single family home. At some point, the employee stepped onto a n unsecured joist, slipped, lost balance and fell two feet. The employees leg s truck the frame structure below and was fractured. The employee was taken to a l ocal hospital for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical serv ices company, was engaged in trench work in preparation for the installation of underground electrical lines.  He was dropping 4 by 8 foot shoring boards into t he trench.  A rope attached to a board caught on the back of his hard hat, and h e was pulled into the trench, a fall height of 8 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and tr eated for fractures to his right arm and rope burns (abrasions) to his neck.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 17, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a drywall constructio n company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story mult ifamily building.  He was working from a second floor wall and cutting drywall w hen he stepped backward and fell to the concrete floor below, a fall height of 9 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on July 14, 2016, a 53-year-old male employee was wor king for a firm of painting and wall covering contractors. He was painting the e xterior of dormers at a residential home. He was on a scaffold. After he complet ed his task, he lowered two scaffold planks to the ground. At that time he began to feel dizzy. He fell approximately 4.5 meters (15 feet) from a planked sectio n of the scaffold to the ground below. He sustained blunt force trauma of the to rso. He was taken to a hospital. He died the following day as a result of the mu ltiple injuries that he sustained in the incident. His injuries included fractur es of the sternum and ribs; lacerations of the liver and pancreas; contusions an d severe edema of the lungs; and scattered abrasions over left chest, left elbow , left knee, and left cheek.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on February 5, 2018, an employee was on top of a 9 foot wooden fram ed wall in a building that was under construction and was nailing braces on the top portion of the wall to the plumb wall.  The employee turned to nail the next brace, lost his balance, and fell from the wall to the floor, landing on top of his hammer.  The employee was hospitalized with lower back pains and a sprained left hand.
electrocution_fatal	On October 31, 2003, an employee was assisting a coworker working on a conveyor belt system in close proximity to a warehouse wall crane. Possibly, the employee came in contact with an exposed electrical conductor that provided power to the crane. The employee was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 2:20 p.m. on February 21, 2017, an employee was driving a tanker truck to a d isposal yard. The employee lost control of the tanker truck going up a steep hil l on a private road which rolled over. The employee sustained numerous cuts as t he tanker truck rolled over the employee and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on November 10, 2018, an employee was working from an eight foot po rtable ladder to take measurements for a board. When, for an unspecified reason, the employee lost balance and fell approximately fourteen feet through a framed wall and down a stairwell. The employee received unspecified, severe head injur ies and was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny at a multiemployer construction project, the demolition of a multifamily resi dential complex, was engaged in demolition and siding work on the second floor o f a building.  He fell, a fall height of approximately 20 feet.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured leg.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was beginning work at a job site.  The employee caught a finger in a door jam. The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the ampu tation of the left pinky fingertip.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 19, 2002, Employees #1 and #2 were using a truck-mounted aerial lift to install a service drop for a parking attendant booth. One of the workers apparently contacted an energized electrical line with testing equipment, resulting in an arc blast. Employees #1 and #2 suffered burns and were hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:15 p.m. on November 6, 2017, Employee #1, an electrical apprentice, and Cow orker #1, the foreman, both employed by an electrical systems construction compa ny, were engaged in replacing old electrical cables in a residential neighborhoo d. Employee #1 was stripping insulation from a new 1/0 electrical cable in prepa ration for the installation of a pothead insulator. The cable inadvertently beca me energized, and Employee #1 sustained a shock of 7,620 kilovolts and severe bu rns to his arm and knee. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for electrical shock and b urns.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was worki ng at a job site, a home being re-roofed.  He climbed an extension ladder, stepp ed onto the roof, and in so doing stepped on a rope being used for fall protecti on.  The rope rolled out from under his foot, and he fell backwards.  He landed on a piece of new metal flashing, and his arm struck the sharp metal.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a cut to the wrist that required surgery.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 10, 2017, an employee was removing the drive shaft fr om a tri-axle dump truck.  The employee was struck in the head when the truck ro lled backwards and was killed.   .
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing operations on the flat roof of a five-story multifamily resi dential structure.  He was applying hot asphalt over a layer of felt.  As the em ployee pushed a cart containing hot asphalt, moving it from one area of the roof to another, his right foot stepped into a 12-inch by 12-inch hole that was inte nded for a metal vent, to be installed later.  The hole was covered with felt bu t not marked or guarded.  Employee #1 fell onto the roof's surface, and the cart tipped over and spilled hot asphalt onto his hands and right leg.  He was weari ng appropriate gloves and pants, but hot asphalt went inside his gloves and pene trated through his pants.  Emergency services transported the employee to the ho spital, where he was admitted and treated for third and fourth degree burns.  Em ployee #1 remained hospitalized for 10 days.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 21, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working from the basket of an aerial lift and installing new grounds to a s teel pole.  As he removed the old grounds, he sustained a 138-kilovolt electric shock from induced voltage.  The electrical current moved through his body and e xited under his right shoulder.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electric shoc k-related injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on January 28, 2019, an employee was removing adhesive with a Mine Max 201 formula 1 jointer.  The employee made two passes with the jointer and st ruck his left hand's middle finger with the jointer blade, partially amputating it on the third pass.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 11, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were part of a pipe crew installing a 6-inch sludge l ine in an excavated trench at a sewer/water treatment plant.  Employee #1 was in the trench, which measured 13 feet 2 inches deep where the work was to be perfo rmed.  Coworker #1 was operating a CAT 214 excavator.  Coworker #1 used the exca vator and a chain to lift an 8-foot by 10-foot, 3,200-pound steel road plate int o the trench.  The plate was to be used as protection from shifting soil and cav e-ins.  Coworker #1 toed-in the bottom of the plate approximately 2 feet into th e soil at the bottom of the trench.  He then moved the excavator away from the t rench to reduce the weight on the ground directly adjacent to the trench.  The p late was positioned vertically in the trench for approximately 7 minutes when Em ployee #1 climbed into the trench.  Coworker #2, the lead man on the crew, was a t the top of the trench.  He turned away from the trench to pick up a 4-inch by 4-inch steel tube strut to be used as bracing for the steel plate.  Coworker #2 was going to hand the strut down to the laborer for installation.  The steel roa d plate began tipping over toward Employee #1.  The plate fell on Employee #1, p inning him in the trench between the ground/concrete structure and the plate.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for crushing injuries to his back.   Employee #1 wa s placed into a medically induced coma while medical personnel monitored the sta tus of his pancreas.  Employee #1 underwent surgery involving vein/artery grafti ng.
struck_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on April 27, 2018, an employee was performing fire watch and contr olled zone access duties in the basement located below the demolition work being performed on Boiler #4.  The employee was struck in the chest and abdomen by a boiler plate that was attached to a stoker chain which was cut by torches and dr opped into the basement.   The employee was taken to the hospital where he died later from his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 31, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in roofing work on the pitched roof of an existing single family re sidence.  He fell, a fall height of approximately 19.6 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for contusions to multiple areas of his body.  The subsequent invest igation determined that Employee #1 had not been using fall protection at the ti me of the fall.
caught_fatal	On January 8, 2009, Employee #1 was riding on top of a hoist for personnel and materials, when the site foreman yelled out for him to drop off plywood on the fifth floor. However, Employee #1 had difficulty hearing the foreman and leaned over the guardrail of the hoist, when his neck and head were crushed between the guardrail and the hoist wall bracket. Employee #1 died from his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on June 19, 2017, Employee #1 was collecting waste m aterial from a roof and throwing the waste down into a dumpster on the ground. A s he worked, Employee #1 stepped on an electrical cord and/or air hose that was laying on the roof surface, which caused him to lose his footing and fall from t he roof. He struck the ground and suffered multiple torso vertebrae fractures. E mployee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on September 30, 2016, Employee #1 was part of a crew demolishing a wooden staircase. A structure which allowed the staircase to supp ort a 5 foot tall concrete retaining wall had been removed. The concrete wall be came unstable and an approximately 29 foot section collapsed.  Employee #1 was p artially trapped underneath the wall and suffered fractured ribs and pelvis and died from asphyxiation.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 a.m. on April 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in repairing the roof of a one-story building.  As he walked on the roof , a weak part of the surface collapsed and he fell through, a fall height of 15 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 p.m. on June 13, 2016, an employee was killed after falling 13 ft. throu gh a skylight to the concrete floor. The employee was removing steel roof panels along with skylights with other employees on the roof of a steel building. The weather was hot outside and exterior lights were being utilized to provide illum ination for the workers. Lights were also turned on inside the building to illum inate the location of the skylights. The roof had a slope of 1/2 to 12 and eve t o ground height was 12 ft., the distance from the ground to the peak of the roof was 14 ft. After removing a steel roof panel, the employee was cutting insulati on under that panel while kneeling on a steel panel that ran parallel to a skyli ght.  After cutting the insulation, the employee stepped back or fell backward o nto a skylight and fell through. The skylight the employee was working around wa s not covered or guarded. The employee suffered multiple internal injuries inclu ding fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on September 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new seven-story comm ercial building. He was working from an extension ladder propped against a 24 in ch wide column, patching holes around the column in preparation for a concrete p our. The ladder slid off the column, and Employee #1 fell to the concrete surfac e below.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for fall-related injuries, including temp orary loss of feeling in his right arm and legs.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 pm on June 6, 2015, Employee #1 went to the yard where vehicles are stor ed from being towed or impounded, and was attempting to relocate a Ford F250 bur ned out vehicle to another location in the yard. The burned out truck had severe fire damage, which prevented the vehicle from being shifted into neutral. Emplo yee #1 pulled a Chevy tow truck over and backed it up to the F-250 which was to be moved to another location in the yard. The employee used one (1) J hook fro m the tow truck to attach the F250s front driver side bumper to raise it to gai n access to the shift linkage on the transmission beneath the truck. After raisi ng the vehicle, Employee #1 then knelt down just behind the driver's side front wheel and leaned under the Ford F250 to disengage the shift linkage utilizing a screwdriver and a jack handle.  When the shift linkage was moved, the vehicles w eight shifted and the F-250 became unsecured from the tow truck, crushing and ki lling the employee.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 29, 2019, an employee was installing copper around a larg e bay window.  As he was on top of the window and connected to a vertical life l ine, which was installed above, and was using a propane torch to heat up the cop per panels and a hammer to flatten it, the life line broke. The employee struck the ground and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 15, 2018, an employee was setting up a Putzmeister pump. While guiding an arm assembly onto a stationary boom pedestal, the employee sig naled a coworker to lower the arm assembly. The employee did not realized that h is left pinky finger was located in a pinch point, received a crushing injury to the left pinky fingertip that resulted in amputation. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 24, 2014, two employees were working for a firm that provid ed specialized local freight trucking. Using a flatbed truck, they were making a delivery to a construction site. They were standing alongside the truck, removi ng the cargo straps from some palletized loads. The palletized loads consisted o f roofing tiles. A hydraulically operated conveyer and boom system was mounted o n the bed of the truck. The operator of the truck was positioning the boom to mo ve the roofing tiles from the truck to on top of the roof. The boom came into co ntact with some overhead power lines. The two employees sustained an electric sh ock. Both employees were hospitalized. One of the employees later died of his in juries
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on July 25, 2017, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a plasteri ng company, were performing plastering operations at a residential construction site.  The workers were using a Predator plastering pump connected to 150 feet o f rubber hose.  Employee #1 was standing with the hose between his feet and atte mpting to minimize hose wear and tear due to the hose rubbing against the granul ar rock surface.  The hose ruptured, possibly due to a plaster blockage, and the hose projected upward and struck Employee #1 in the groin area.  The impact cau sed Employee #1 to go airborne and then fall a few feet away and land on gravel surface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for injuries to his head and groin area.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on September 5, 2017, Employee #1 was cleaning the deck area with a cleaning rag, where paper board was being fed. Employee #1's cleaning rag was pulled in because the fixed guard was inadequate and the opening height was set too high, allowing his fingers to get under the guard. Employee #1 suffered brui sing and amputation of his fingers.  Employee#1 was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on November 14, 2021, an employee (Lineman/Serviceman) was called o ut early in the morning along with two coworkers (also Linemen/Servicemen) to re spond to reports of multiple electrical outages.  The employee had completed rep airs to one fallen line, went over to a 14,400 volt electrical line, and started alone to repair the line. The employee was found unresponsive in his bucket aft er multiple unsuccessful attempts to reach him by phone and radio. Upon retrieva l from the bucket, coworkers began CPR and called 911. The employee was found to be wearing regular leather gloves. The glove on the left hand was found to have a hole and a burn mark was found on his hand. The employee was transported to t he nearest hospital, where he was pronounced dead due to an electric shock to hi s left hand.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on July 2, 2013, Employee #1, a welder for AEROTEK Inc. and assigned to work at Olson Irrigation Systems, was rolling sheet metal on a metal rolling Dimension Power Rolling machine (Model Number P6.135, Serial Number 04072025) creating a cylinder. The machine's pinch point/point of operation is protected by a constant contact type switch, a foot operated dead man switch and a stop cable positioned at knee level around the machine. While holding the metal from re-entering the machine the employee's fingers were caught by the machines rollers pulling the fingers into the pinch point/point of operation. A coworker transported Employee #1 to Grossmont Hospital, where he underwent hand surgery, partial amputation of the index finger of the left hand. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:11 a.m. on November 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was picking up scrap metal at the site of a residential structure.  A finger on his right hand was caught between two pieces of metal and crushed.  The fing er was amputated.  The employee received medical treatment for the amputation an d was released without hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a heating/air conditioning/plumbing c ompany, was troubleshooting a commercial air conditioning and heating unit.  Whi le removing a relay, he came into contact with 480-volt live electrical parts an d was shocked.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for electric shock plus burns and scraps to his hand.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on April 23, 2019, an employee was removing a heavy piece of freigh t from truck and attempted to catch it when it fell.  The employee amputated fiv e fingers when it landed on top of them and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 11:10 a.m. on March 29, 2022, Employee #1 was on a 10-foot high roof throwing old roofing material from the roof to the ground below. Employee #1 told a cowo rker that he was not feeling well.  The coworker told Employee #1 to get off the roof and take a break. Employee #1 took off his personal fall protection harnes s to go down. The coworker observed Employee #1 appearing to look dazed and star ting to shake. Employee # 1 then stepped off the roof and fell 10 feet to the co ncrete walkway below. Employee #1 died from blunt impact to the head, laceration , fracture and dislocation of vertebrae.
struck_fatal	At 1:22 p.m. on March 6, 2017, Employee #1, a temporary employee, and a coworker were preparing to go up to the roof to install mesh nylon cloth around the skyl ights that had holes and cracks. The two employees were using a 30 foot fixed ca ged metal ladder located in a hatchway in the southeast corner of the warehouse section of the facility. The coworker went up on the roof via the hatchway openi ng, carrying all of the repair materials and tools. Employee #1 did not come up the ladder, so the coworker went back to the opening to try to see where he was. The coworker heard loud banging noises and shaking of the ladder cage, like som ething was hitting its walls. As the coworker looked down through the hatchway o pening, Employee #1 was laying on the floor by the ladder in a pool of blood. Em ployee #1 had fallen approximately 25 feet through the caged 30 foot metal ladde r. The coworker called for help and emergency medical services responded. Employ ee #1 sustained head trauma and skull fractures and was pronounced dead at the s cene. Upon questioning, the employer did not provide training and instruction to Employee #1 on the safe use of ladders, climbing and working on ladders, user's position, points of contact with the ladder and factors contributing to falls.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 13, 2015, an employee was compacting soil underneath a h eadwall footing as soil was being backfilled on the other side of a 4,000 lb. he adwall. The cement wall collapsed on the employee who sustained multiple blunt f orce trauma injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:30 pm on December 21, 2006, Employees #1 and #2 and coworkers were disassembling a pump jack scaffold. Employees #1 and #2 were holding one of the scaffold poles when the foreman, who was on the roof, removed the pole brace. They lost control of the pole and it struck a 24.4 ft high, 7,200-volt conductor of a three-phase, 12,470 Wye system. Employee #1 was electrocuted and Employee #2 sustained serious injuries, for which he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:40 p.m. on June 27, 2018, an employee was replacing an overhead 120v/20a fl uorescent light fixture with an LED light fixture. During replacement, the emplo yee was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 22, 2018, an employee was waiting in his truck while log s were being loaded onto it.  The employee was later found unresponsive behind t he truck and suffered blunt force trauma from being struck by a log that was bei ng loaded on the truck, killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	An employee was removing an umbrella from beneath the third rail of a railway track in a BART maintenance yard. The third rail was energized at 1,000 volts DC. The umbrella came into contact with the third rail and caused an arc. The employee sustained second-degree flash burns to his face and eyes. He was hospitalized for two days.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on November 6, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was laying roof decking at a multiemployer construction site. He leaned down to retie his shoelace. When he stood back up, he stepped on an unsecured sheet o f decking. The decking shifted, and Employee #1 fell to the concrete floor, a fa ll height of 23 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured neck, lacera tions to his spleen and kidney, and bruised lungs.
electrocution_fatal	On October 15, 2002, Employee #1 and a coworker were leveling an excavation to the top of a concrete-encased duct-bank. The duct-bank was below ground and had been almost uncovered, and only a thin covering of dirt had been left on top of it. Employee #1 was using a two-handed chipping hammer with a 12 in. drill bit to knock off some concrete from the exterior of the duct-bank when the steel bit penetrated the concrete casing and contacted the 15-kilovolt circuit inside of it. He was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on October 9, 2019 an employee was installing siding from a ladder sitting on the second level of a scaffold. While working, the employee fell back wards twenty feet to the pavement. The employee was killed by major head trauma from the fall.
electrocution_fatal	On June 18, 2008, an electrician entered the low voltage (up to 13-kv) side of a substation cabinet and removed two fuses. He was wearing fire retardant clothing and high voltage sleeves and gloves. There was also voltage-testing equipment in the cabinet. He was found by a town police officer who was investigating a report of someone yelling for help. The electrician may have contacted a bus bar with his back. The electrician's shirt was burned off in the back, and his pants were burned off in the front. He was responsive and told the officer he had blown the feeder. The electrician was working alone. He died en route to the nearest medical facility of an electric shock of at least 7,620 volts.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 18, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construc tion company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a developmen t of new residences.  They were engaged in erecting a wood frame wall.  As they carried the frame over uneven ground, with Employee #1 walking backward, Employe e #1 tripped and fell.  The frame, which weighed approximately 200 pounds and wa s 12 feet long, 9 feet high, and 6 inches deep, fell on top of him.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, treated for a back strain, and released.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:45 a.m. on September 4, 2015, an employee was on structural s teel.  He was waiting for a joist to be hoisted and placed so he could connect i t.  The crane operator was moving a bundle of decking.  The bundle of decking wa s inside the building 'footprint'.  The crane operator was going to move the dec king bundle out of the way to facilitate installation of bridging by another con nector in an aerial lift. The crane hit a truss to which the employee was tied o ff.  The truss fell and caused the employee to fall. The employee struck the gro und and may also have struck the girder that fell.  The employee suffered from m assive blunt trauma to the head and other body parts and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On October 4, 2002, Employee #1 was troubleshooting an HVAC electrical system when he contacted a live 220-volt wire. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on September 14, 2018, an employee was using a Genie Z-45/25 aerial lift, serial number 25807, to manually paint piping located near the 30 foot hi gh ceiling.  The employee fell from the lift boom to the concrete floor when a coworker manually lowered the lift.  CPR was started and the employee was transp orted to the local hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
caught_nonfatal	On March 11, 2013, an employee working as a laborer was standing on the bed of a cement mix truck, shoveling sand, gravel, and cement into the rotating drum of a cement mixer. His shovel got caught in the drum, and he was thrown from the bed of the truck into the water of a canal. He sustained lacerations to his head.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 a.m. on August 16, 2017, an employee was driving a reach t ruck loading and unloading materials.  He was backing out of a space and pinned himself against a metal shelf rack and the rear of the reach truck. The employee suffered chest contusions and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1, a journeyman lineman for Pacific Gas and Electric, was part of a five-person crew changing out utility poles in Los Banos, CA. The crew had set new anchor rods, tested the lines to ensure they were deenergized, and grounded them to earth in two directions with ground rods. They changed the poles, transferred the power lines, and were finishing the jumper on the last pole by connecting the guys and removing the old poles. Employee #1 put a chain ratchet on the "T" of a ground rod, then walked over to the pole where the east guy had already been temporarily pulled. He picked up the west guy below the grip and walked back to the ratchet that was lying on the ground rod. When Employee #1 grabbed the ratchet, he was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 17, 2015, an employee climbed a ladder to the roof and sl ipped on an ice and water shield.  The employee fell from the roof onto a concre te pad and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 12:55 p.m. on August 2, 2016, a worker was installing a small piece of sheet metal on the parapet coping of a roof.  He fell from the roof and was killed as a result of blunt force trauma.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on April 14, 2014, Employee #1, a full-time roofer employed by Accurate Roofing Solutions, was installing a new layer of shingles onto the pitched roof of a one-story single family residence. At the time he was working alone. Employee #1, intending to descend the roof and go on his lunch break, moved toward the ladder positioned on the edge of the roof. Employee #1's anchor point gave way and detached from the roof's center beam. Employee #1 slipped and fell onto the roof's pitched surface, rolled off the roof's edge, and fell to the concrete surface below, a fall height of 10 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fracture of the right leg. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA at 10:25 a.m. on April 15, 2014, and Cal/OSHA subsequently investigated.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on November 15, 2017, an employee was taking the tie down cables of f of a log load when a log fell off of the top of the load.  The employee was st ruck by log, and he sustained a fractured leg and nose.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on February 14, 2017, an employee was riding on an electric pallet truck.  The employee made a turn and struck his left leg with the handle/steeri ng bar of the pallet truck.  The employee suffered a contusion to his leg but wa s not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:05 p.m. on February 23, 2022, an employee was loading a tractor trailer. T he employee was loading product onto a trailer with a forklift when the trailer pulled away from the loading dock causing the employee and forklift to fall to t he ground. At 01:22 p.m. on February 23, 2022, DOSH was informed of the incident and arrived on site to conduct investigations on March 17, 2022. The employee s ustained back injuries and was treated at Loma Linda Hospital but not hospitaliz ed.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on April 14, 2022, an employee was moving along a two-section exte nsion ladder. The employee fell from ladder and was impaled by protruding reinfo rcing steel below him.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On October 1st, 2012, Employee #1, a 34-year-old roofer, was on loan to a rain gutter installation company David W. Bonacci Dba American Rain Gutter. Employee #1 was installing a twenty-foot round rain gutter down spout on a two story vintage home. Employee #1 was standing on an eighteen-foot scaffold, which was erected by the property owner. The employer elected to have his Employees use the property owners scaffolding to install the rain gutters. Working alone, Employee #1 raised the twenty-foot section of pipe over his head to place it between the scaffolding and the house. In the process he contacted one leg of a 21,000 volt electrical system. The contact resulted in a 12,500 volt electric shock to Employee #1. Employee #1 fell to the ground below. The coroner's exam ruled that Employee #1 had died from electrocution, not the fall. A coworker was working in the area but did not witness the event.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on May 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s engaged in carpentry work at the site of a residential remodel.  He was operat ing a Skilsaw power saw and making a cut on the frame of a door opening.  The sa w blade hit a knot and kicked up, striking Employee #1's left index finger, whic h was positioned along the edge of the door frame.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for an avulsion injury to the finger's nail bed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:20 a.m. on January 10, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker were removing a Lo cust tree from a golf course near hole number 16. They were working in a SkyJack to cut the tree into small sections. Employee #1 started to cut a branch and st opped partially through the branch, allowing the coworker to finish cutting thro ugh the branch. As the coworker neared completion of the cut, the branch split a nd fell on the SkyJack. The Skyjack began to fall over, ejecting Employee #1. Th e coworker was able to hold on and was not injured. Employee #1 sustained a brui se on his left arm and under the knee on his right leg. He also stated that his tailbone and the back of his head was sore. The employee was hospitalized for hi s injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:45 a.m. on August 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was involved in moving a light tower.  The trailer jack folded/collapsed, and t he employee's right ring finger apparently was caught between the jack and the t ongue of the light tower trailer.  The employee received medical treatment for a finger amputation but was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 28, 2019, an employee was cutting toe boards for a cabin et installation project using a Milwaukee M18 portable circular saw.   The emplo yee was struck by the board when it kicked back and came across his left hand, a mputating the tip of his ring finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 4, 2017, an employee was attempting to free some mater ial that was stuck in the hydraulic arms of a roll-off box on a solid waste burn er. The employee was crushed between the roll-off box and the tarp hydraulic rol ler arms as the rollers activated while he was removing the jammed material.  Th e employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:50 a.m. on September 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in roofing activity for a new one-story commercial building.  H e was securing decking when he fell and struck the concrete surface.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for tre atment.  Employee #1 fractured his back in the fall.
struck_fatal	At 1:33 pm, on January 11, 2019, a 31-year-old employee of Glenn's 24 Hour Towin g Inc. was preparing a disabled 2007 International boom truck for towing.  The d isabled truck had lost a wheel and was stopped on the East side of Interstate 41 N by the Oneida St exit in Green Bay, WI.  A 4 inch by 6 inch by 18 inch block of wood the employee was using to help lift the truck axel shot into the center lane of US Hwy 41N and the employee went to retrieve it.  The employee was struc k by a 2000 Chevrolet Impala LS that was traveling at highway speeds and was una ble to avoid contact.  Weather conditions were clear and the road surface was dr y.  The employee was wearing a black heavy weight sweatshirt with reflective mat erial. The employee suffered multiple traumatic injuries when struck by the auto mobile traveling at highway speed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 a.m. on April 27, 2017, Employee #1 was opening the gate of a constructi on elevator. A load of sheetrock was inside of the elevator, stacked against the back wall near the corner of the cab, which tipped forward. The employee became pinned by the fallen sheetrock and fractured one of his legs.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on February 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a subcontractor at a multiemployer construction project. The employee was renovating a commercial bui lding, and was engaged in installing a light fixture inside the building.  He wa s working from a ladder when he fell.  Emergency services were called, and Emplo yee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fr actured vertebrae.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:15 a.m. on July 29, 2020, an employee was assisting in the i nstillation of 72 ft of 3-in stainless steel riser pipes on the 8th floor of a n ewly constructed residential high-rise construction site in excess of 60 stories . While brushing away construction debris that had gathered on the pipe surface, the suspended load dropped suddenly pinning the employee's hand between the two sections of pipe.  The cause of the sudden drop of the load could not be conclu sively determined. The employee sustained crushing injuries to his fingers that resulted in the surgical amputation of 1 or more fingers.  He was treated and ho spitalized at Long Beach Medical Center. At 10:37 a.m. on September 22, 2020, DO SH was notified from a complaint from a member of the public, the employer did n ot meet the reporting requirement. At approximately 12:03 p.m. on October 15, 20 20, DOSH arrived on-site and issued serious accident related citations for T8CCR 1511(b). The employer failed to effectively survey the conditions associated w ith having an employee working in a position whereby his hands are underneath a suspended load of approximately 72 ft of 3-in stainless steel riser pipe weighin g up to 1,000 lbs., and to determine the kind of safeguards necessary to execute the work in a safe manner.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:05 p.m. on February 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in carpentry work on the roof of a two-story residential structu re, a multiemployer construction project.  A piece of oriented strand board, blo wn by high winds, struck Employee #1's head and knocked him unconscious.  Employ ee #1 fell from the roof, a fall height of 18 feet.  Emergency services were cal led, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treat ed for multiple injuries, including a fractured orbital, fractured ribs, and a m ajor laceration to the liver.  .
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on December 13, 2021, an employee and a coworker arrived at a job site to connect secondary electrical services to a transformer. The coworker wen t to perform an initial job hazard analysis before the work could start and left the employee at the transformer to wait. The employee was supposed to wait but was confused and began pulling cables out in the transformer unaware that the tr ansformer was still live. The employee was in the transformer pulling cables out when a metal wrench fell out of his pocket. The employee picked the wrench up w ith his left hand and went to pull the last cable when the wrench touched a live part in the transformer and created an arc flash. The employee suffered superfi cial burns on his cheeks, neck, left side, left arm, and right bicep. The cowork er performing the job hazard analysis heard the arc flash and went back to the t ransformer and found the employee, made sure he was ok, and then called dispatch and for an ambulance. The employee was transported to a hospital and admitted f or treatment of his burns.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 19, 2017, an employee was installing flashing material on balcony door. As the employee was leaning out of the building opening, he lost his grip and fell approximately 12 feet to a lower level. He struck a pile of pa llets and plywood and rolled off that level, falling an additional 20 feet to th e ground. The employee sustained spinal cord injuries, which he was hospitalized and received treatment. The incident investigation revealed that although the e mployee was wearing fall protection and guardrails were in place, he was not con nected to any anchor point to.
caught_nonfatal	A approximately 8:15 a.m. on October 14, 2010, Employee #1 was guiding a forklift that was being operated by a coworker. It was being maneuvered into place by turning right with a heavy column in order to place the column in the staging area. Employee #1 was positioned in the path of the forklift, to the left of the operator. The operator was turning the forklift to his right and looking to the right. The operator failed to see Employee #1 as the left front outside tire ran over several toes on Employee #1's right foot. Employee #1 fell forward and onto the ground and yelled. The operator stopped the forklift, saw Employee #1 on the ground, and backed up the forklift. Employee #1 was hospitalized with a fractured foot.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 23, 2004, Employee #1 was operating a cement truck next to a concrete pumping truck when a coworker operating the pumping truck contacted an overhead power line. The electrical path traveled to the cement truck, and Employee #1 received an electric shock. He sustained injuries that required hospitalization. The coworker was holding a control handle when he contacted the power line.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on September 22, 2017, Employee #1 was driving over to pick up his personal items. His truck struck a concrete filled bollard, knocking it askew. T he employee tried to straighten it up, but it broke off and fell on his leg, fra cturing his femur. Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 6:00 p.m. on May 20, 2013, Employee #1, a painter employed by Spartan Contracting LLC, was working as part of a painting crew. The crew was making preparations to paint the Glover Cary Bridge on Hwy 2262 in Owensboro, KY. The crew finished their work for the day. They were in the process of securing the area. Employee #1 returned to the bridge upper frame. He was electrocuted. He was found lying unresponsive on the catch net, just below the upper framework of the bridge. The subsequent investigation of this fatality determined that the employer had been contracted by Kentucky Transportation Cabinet District II to do the bridge painting.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 3, 2018, an employee was flipping a steel frame via an ove rhead crane bridge when he was struck by a chain used to secure and control the frame.  The employee sustained several fractures and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on September 28, 2016, Employee #1 was preparing a 30 0 pound concrete column form and stepped inside it to modify it.  The column fel l over, struck Employee #1 who then struck his head on the concrete surface.  Em ployee #1 fractured his head and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 16, 2019, an employee fell approximately eighteen feet wh ile conducting steel erection activities. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat facial injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On November 10, 2008, Employee #1, a 37 year-old-male electrician, working for Salt River Project, was working with a coworker and at elevation on a wooden power pole, changing out a bell insulator on an energized 12kv line. The insulator appeared to have been damaged from a previous lightning strike. Both employees were belted to the pole, at about the 25-to-30 feet off the ground. Employee #1 had just finished performing some rubber glove work and stepped back down to a lower elevation on the pole to then use a live-line tool. Employee #1 had removed his rubber gloves and was waiting to receive a live-line tool from the coworker, who was positioned on the other side of the pole. It was reported that rubber gloves are not used when working with live-line tools. While Employee #1 was leaning back against the belt awaiting the live-line tool, Employee #1 raised his right hand to the same level as his head and an electrical arc occurred that went into Employee #1's right hand, stopping his heart.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:12 a.m. on March 22, 2010, Employee #1 was attempting to bend a piece of rebar, approximately .75 inches in diameter by 24 inches long, with the bucket of a backhoe at a construction site. The operation required that Employee #1, on the ground, to hold the rebar clamped inside the bucket and a coworker, the job foremen and backhoe operator, to apply pressure to the clamped rebar through hydraulic pressure. When the coworker applied pressure to the clamped rebar, it became dislodged and shot out of the front bucket where Employee #1 was standing. The force of exiting rebar drew Employee #1's fingers, that were outside the bucket, into the area between two halves of the bucket and because there was already pressure on the bucket, it instantaneously closed on Employee #1's fingers. Employee #1 was hospitalized at Pomona Valley Hospital to receive medical treatment for partial amputation to his right little and middle fingers. Employee #1 was employed by Meridian Construction who employed approximately five employees. Meridian Construction had been at the site in Covina, CA for about three months constructing graves at the mortuary. The employer did not report the accident to Cal/Osha. An unsafe work practice existed at accident time which could have been easily avoided by choosing a right bending tool for the above job.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on March 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a power line constructi on company, was working at the site of a new residential townhouse.  He was inst alling wire inside a pedestal when he came into contact with the pedestal busbar that distributed power to the townhouse.  The busbar was live/energized.  The e mployee, who was wearing flame resistant clothing and electrical rated gloves, s ustained an electric shock.  He was transported by emergency services to the hos pital, where he was admitted for treatment of electric shock.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on March 17, 2016, a skidder operator left the skidder and was str uck by it, causing fatal head trauma.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 15, 2018, an employee pulled a stucco hose from the thi rd level of a scaffold to the second level. The hose then began to fall, in an u ncontrolled manner, onto the employee and the employee fell from the scaffold. T he employee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the left foot and back.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on August 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contract or, was engaged in power line transmission work at a multiemployer job site.  He had been working from a bucket lift attached to a boom truck.  Employee #1 lowe red the bucket lift to its resting position on the back of the truck and exited the bucket.  As he climbed down, he slipped and fell from the truck, a fall heig ht of 8 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for neck injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On July 9, 2008, a maintenance man for a swimming pool company was attempting to find a leak in the pool liner. The pool was 16 ft wide and 32 ft long. It was a total of 3 ft deep on the shallow end and 8 ft on the deep end. It was filled with water approximately 4 ft deep on the deep end and 18 in. on the shallow end. The maintenance man was using a Brownie's Third Lung Surface Supplied Breathing Air System while working underwater to locate the leak. The compressor was plugged into an extension cord that was missing the grounding pin. A GFCI outlet was being used. When the homeowners arrived home, they found the worker floating face up in the pool and unresponsive. The compressor and part of the extension cord were in the pool. He was pronounced dead at the scene. An autopsy report concluded that the maintenance man died of electrocution.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on August 9, 2020, an employee was pulling plywood over an opening on a  structural steel platform approximately 14 foot above the ground when he f ell through the opening. The employee incurred back and rib injuries from impact with the concrete floor below and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	On September 15, 2017, an employee was unhooking a cable from a container that h ad just been placed onto the ground from a roll-off truck.  The employee had his right leg trapped between the roll-off truck and the edge of the container and suffered a three inch laceration on the inside of his right foot just below the ankle, lacerating through the artery.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on October 24, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in framing work for a house being constructed.  He was operating a portable powered circular saw, Skilsaw Mag 77LT, and cutting a 2 by 4 wood bea m.  The saw, which was properly guarded, kicked back, and its blade struck Emplo yee #1's left thumb.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the partial amputation o f his thumb.  The tip of his thumb was successfully reattached, but there was bo ne loss.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 21, 2017, an employee was working from a roof, unscrewing screws to detach clips that were holding roofing material in place. During work, a gust of wind caused the employee to fall 17 feet. The employee suffered a fra ctured skull and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 31, 2017, an employee was using a pry bar in each hand to align tanks while standing on a ladder. The pry bars slipped and the employee l ost balance and fell about three feet. The employee sustained a hip fracture.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 18, 2018, an employee was standing on top of a tank to set an oil-loading spout into the tank. While on top of the tank, the employee l ost his balance and fell approximately 11 feet and struck the ground.  The emplo yee sustained a fractured hip and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on March 29, 2015, an employee was installing an underground utilit y service.   The employee suffered severe electrical burns on the face, hands, a nd abdomen from an electrical flashback and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 25, 2017, an employee had been setting and retrieving whee l barrows of base, when a BobCat fell forward with a load of material and struck the employee. The employee was pinned beneath the bucket of the BobCat, sufferi ng crushing injuries to his chest and internal organs, as well as facial trauma. The employee was killed as a result.
struck_fatal	At 9:08 a.m. on May 30, 2014, an employee was engaged in masonry activities buil ding a block wall. The employees engaged in masonry activities removed the cross braces from a shored excavation.  At an undetermined time following the removal of the cross braces, the dirt wall collapsed causing one employee to be struck by the shoring material and a coworker to become trapped beneath the dirt and de bris. The employee was struck in the head by a collapsing excavation wall (dirt and wood shoring) thus killing the employee.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on June 19, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in the renovation of a si ngle family residential structure.  He was using a Makita Plate Joiner, Model PJ 7000, with a 4-inch carbon tooth cutting blade rotating up to 11,000 RPM.  He wa s working on a temporary work table and making biscuit cuts in the ends of 1-foo t by 4-foot cedar boards when the tool grabbed a board.  The rotating blade came into contact with the fingers on the employee's right hand and amputated two fi ngers.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the amputations.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 14, 2010, Employee #1, a carpenter, performed remodeling work on a house. Employee #1 worked on a wooden deck located in the front of the house. Employee #1 used a Skilsaw 7.25 in. blade, 4400 rpm, serial 3 AA-172642 hand saw to cut wood. The guard on the blade of the saw was present and functional. Employee cut the length of grain of a piece of wood. According to Employee #1, he tried to pull the saw back and it kicked back and struck his left hand. The saw blade cut the nerves and tendons of Employee #1's left ring, middle and index fingers. A coworker who performed some supervisory tasks was also in the front of the house at the time of the accident. The coworker did not see the accident. A second coworker, a worker who performed framing work, claimed that he was at the other end of the house at the time of the accident. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries. At 10:21 p.m. that same day, the employer, a general contractor, reported the injury to the Division of Occupational Safety and Health (DOSH).
fall_fatal	On the afternoon of June 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in roof repairs at a one-story commercial building.  He was walking b ackward on the roof and laying down glue prior to installing adhered membrane ro ofing material when he fell through an unguarded skylight opening to the concret e floor, a fall height of approximately 21 feet.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for inte rnal injuries and hemorrhaging.  Employee #1 died at approximately 2:00 p.m. the following day, June 21, 2019.
fall_fatal	On the afternoon of June 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in roof repairs at a one-story commercial building.  He was walking b ackward on the roof and laying down glue prior to installing adhered membrane ro ofing material when he fell through an unguarded skylight opening to the concret e floor, a fall height of approximately 21 feet.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for inte rnal injuries and hemorrhaging.  Employee #1 died at approximately 2:00 p.m. the following day, June 21, 2019.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on August 23, 2018, an employee was painting steel beams while on a n aerial lift. While moving the lift to the next location, the basket caught on a beam and as the basket broke free, the bouncing motion caused the employee to be thrown against another beam and receive a chipped (fractured) shoulder.
caught_nonfatal	On May 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at the site of a new residential structure, a multiemployer construction project. He was in a trench, checking its depth and alignment with the sewer line, when t he trench caved in.  He was buried in rock and dirt up to his pants pockets.  Em ergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured ankle.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 8, 2018, an employee was installing a metal ridge cap t o the roof of a single family home when, at some point, the employee lost his ba lance and fell ten feet. The employee received fractures to both legs and feet a nd was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:09 a.m. on October 9, 2018, an employee was walking a forklift and was str uck by it when it reversed itself down a ramp.  The employee fractured his right ankle and leg when it was run over by the forklift.  The employee was hospitali zed.
caught_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 6, 2018, an employee was Jumping out of his cab to raise the his trailer legs and had not set the brakes.  The employee was pinned betwe en two trailers when his truck rolled back and caught him between the two trucks .  The employee was taken to the hospital and died as a result of his injuries o n August 13, 2018.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 p.m. on February 28, 2018, an employee was standing in a roadway, waitin g for traffic cones to be removed by a contractor. While standing by as a the tr uck contracted to pick up the cones backed up, the employee was inadvertently st ruck and killed by the backing truck.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 26, 2019, an employee was working for a merchant wholesal er of roofing, siding, and insulation material. The firm sold supplies for build ers and contractors. The employee was operating a forklift at a supply distribut ion warehouse. He had set the brakes on the forklift and stepped off of the equi pment to speak with a supervisor. As he was talking to the supervisor, his forkl ift rolled forwarded. The employee was pinned and crushed between his forklift a nd the supervisor's parked forklift. He suffered a fractured pelvis. He was hosp italized.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on May 14, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in carpentry work at a com mercial building.  He was operating a jointer/planer power tool and smoothing th e edges of wood panels that measured 18 inches long and 2.5 to 5 inches wide.  H is glove became caught in the power tool, and the machine pulled his right index finger into it.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was tre ated for the amputation of his fingertip.  He was then released without hospital ization.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on June 23, 2017, an employee was using a forklift to free some bo xes that were stuck. The employee's coworker who was driving the forklift misjud ged the space between the employee and the forklift and struck the employee, fra cturing his left leg.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on August 17, 2021, an employee was loading metal ro ofing onto a rooftop.  The employee unhooked from the fall protection and fell t hrough a skylight. The employee suffered broken bones after hitting the ground. The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on January 1, 2020, a 23-year-old male employee was working for a t owing company. He was standing on the shoulder of a highway next to his tow truc k. He was loading a disabled vehicle onto the truck's flatbed. He was struck by a vehicle that was traveling too fast for the road conditions. The sustained mul tiple injuries. He was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in site-clearing work for a new commercial building.  He was descen ding a fixed ladder which was mounted on an open-top semi-trailer when he slippe d and fell, a fall height of approximately 13-foot.  He struck parts of the trai ler saddle area and then fell to the ground below.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of fractures and laceratio ns to the face, and abrasions and bruising of the upper left leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 2, 2002, Employee #1, a lineman, was part of a four man crew for a large gas and electric utility. The crew energized the circuits on the newly installed pad-mount fuse switch. Employee #1 went in front of the switch to close the door when a large electrical flash occurred which threw him backwards. He received burns and nerve damage to both hands plus internal injuries. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	On February 17, 2009, an employee was driving a forklift partially angled into a trailer. The conditions on that day were wet as it was raining. The right front wheel slipped and was lodged in a small gap towards the right end off the dock plate. The employee, without engaging the emergency brake, dismounted off the forklift and operated the lift gate system of the trailer in order to dislodge the wheel from the gap. As the forklift became dislodged, it shifted abruptly and pinned the employee against a metal beam. As a result of this accident, the employee sustained a fractured left pelvis. The operator was admitted on February 17, 2009 and was discharged on February 19 2009 from the Washington hospital located in Fremont.
caught_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on January 10, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a pipeline constructi on services company, was engaged in laying pipe.  He was operating a Caterpillar 572H Pipe Layer.  He started up the Caterpillar and then stood on one of the ve hicle's tracks.  The vehicle began to roll backwards down a slope.  Employee #1 was pulled feet first under the side boom frame extending over the track.  He wa s pulled into a 6-inch clearance up to his waist.  Employee #1 was killed when h is internal organs were crushed.  This fatality was investigated by West Virgini a OSHA.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an HVAC company, was wor king from a ladder and running electrical wiring from an HVAC unit to a smoke de tector.  The employee sustained an electric shock, which caused him to fall from the ladder.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis.
fall_fatal	At 5:45 p.m. on May 19, 2022, an employee was assisting in attaching new shingle s to a roof during a roofing replacement project for a residential building. The employee fell 30 feet off the roof onto a concrete surface and was killed, sust aining fractures to multiple bones.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:05 a.m. on March 24, 2021, an employee extended a hydraulic auger boom from the rear of an auger feed truck in preparation to deliver livestock feed into t he top of a 20 foot high silo. The auger boom contacted 7,200 volt power lines l ocated near the silo, electrocuting the employee and killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:35 a.m. on August 17, 2020, an employee was walking to get a spray gun nea r a Samuel Pressure Vessel Group JB 930721 air tank being installed by an outsid e contractor. Suddenly, the plastic pipe supplying the air to the tank boke off at the joint and the air tank fell on the employee. The employee was hospitalize d  for two weeks with fractures to his arm and back.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 p.m. on April 7, 2019, an employee was working on a pad mounted transfo rmer and sustained burns.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on September 23, 2015, an employee was standing on top of a 10 foot wall.  The employee stepped down to a nine foot level and misjudged the distanc e.  The employee fell to the ground below injuring his neck, and was hospitalize d.
caught_fatal	At 10:45 on August 26, 2013, Employee #1 and #2 were installing pipe and pipe be dding on the south wall of an unprotected 12 foot trench. The trench collapsed a nd both employees were caught under the soil, asphyxiated and dead.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on January 6, 2017, Employee #1 was kicking holes th rough the polycarbonate roofing and sweeping snow through the holes. He grabbed the edge of a hole and tried widening, when he fell through the hole landing 10 ft below. Employee #1 suffered fractures to the base of his skull and facial bon es as well as traumatic brain hemorrhaging and fractures to the carpal bone of h is right wrist. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he receiv ed treatment and was then hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an engineering and co nstruction company, was excavating a 4.5 feet deep trench.  The trench caved in, and Employee #1 was struck by the collapsing soil and knocked against a standpi pe.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, admitted, and treated for a dislocated hip.
struck_fatal	At 2:33 p.m. on May 28, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as engaged in road repair/maintenance work.  He was conducting clean up work aft er pouring concrete.  A motor vehicle came across the opposite lanes of traffic, jumped the center median island, and entered the work zone.  The motor vehicle struck Employee #1, causing blunt force trauma to his head and neck.  Employee # 1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 23, 2018, an employee was observing the demolition of the building.  The employee was struck and killed by two chunks of concrete that was flung across the street as the building collapsed.  The employee was struck on the leg and in the chest by pieces of concrete measuring approximately 40" X 32" X 14".
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:53 a.m. on March 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a remodeling company, was doing rehabilitation work at a one-story residential structure.  He was pour ing concrete and moving a bull float with a 30-foot aluminum poles across the co ncrete.  The poles came close to overhead power lines, and an electric arc occur red.  The employee was shocked.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of electric shock.
fall_fatal	At 12:55 p.m. on December 5, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was climbing a 15-foot vertical ladder attached to a scaffold at a four-stor y multifamily building.  Debris netting obstructed access to the scaffold guardr ails.  As Employee #1 attempted to transition to the scaffold, he became entangl ed in the debris netting and fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was treated for multiple inj uries, including neck and spinal fractures, paralysis, and severe lacerations to the head.  He died at the hospital on December 20, 2019.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 7, 2017, an employee was about to engage in painting work on an exterior second floor window trims.  The employee fell approximately 12 fe et from above ground level and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on February 4, 2019, an employee was climbing into the passenger si de of semi-truck when he slipped on the ice accumulation on side of the truck. T he employee fell and fractured his ankle and sustained a severed tendon.  The em ployee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on March 16, 2017, an employee was guiding the forklift driver that was carrying a metal grate into the building.  The employee was struck by the 3 foot by 15 foot metal grate and fractured his lower left leg.  The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 5, 2019, an employee was tightening a hydraulic hose with a pipe wrench when he fell from an elevated platform that was on a truck frame. The employee fractured several ribs and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 4, 2017, an employee was installing siding and had a se izure while on some scaffolding. The employee fell 15 feet from the ladder-jack scaffolding and suffered head trauma.  The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on January 16, 2015, Employee #1 and a Employee #2, employed by a f looring and cabinetry company, were installing a Murphy bed.  They did not insta ll the safety pin that secures the lifting device. The lift arm snapped closed, catching and lacerating Employee #1's thumb, and lacerating Employee#2's thigh. Emergency services were called, and the workers were transported to the hospital .  Employee #1 was admitted and treated for what the subsequent investigation re port described as severe lacerations/possible amputation of the thumb.  Coworker #1 did not require hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 20, 2018, an employee was performing a pressure test of a residential sewer line when he was struck in the eye by a small piece of a pneumatic quick connection of a pressure test kit.  The employee was transported to a local hospital and then transferred to Loyola Hospital, where he died five days later.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 a.m. on January 3, 2020, an employee was cleaning the wor k area. A wood plank fell from the second story striking the employee in the hea d. The employee was hospitalized to treat these injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:05 p.m. on October 31, 2018, an employee was operating a Crown RC 5500 Seri es Standup Powered Industrial Truck and was approaching a bollard too quickly. The employee put his hand out to try and stop the lift before hitting the pole, crushing his left hand when it was caught between the truck and bollard.  The em ployee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was cleaning up a worksite where a commercial building was being constructed .  A beam fell and struck the employee.  Emergency services transported the empl oyee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:35 p.m. on June 11, 2019, an employee stood on a job made platform to pain t soffits. Platform was made of two twelve-foot long by twelve-inch wide planks elevated on nailed brackets made of two-inch by four-inch pieces of wood. While working, the platform collapsed and the employee fell approximately four feet. T he employee was hospitalized to treat unspecified shoulder and back injuries.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 31, 2017, an employee was reaching out to take some rafter s from a lift prior to installing them.  The employee lost his balance or footin g and fell approximately 11 feet to the concrete floor and is killed.
electrocution_fatal	On August 10, 2002, Employee #1 was repairing a roof when he lost his balance and fell 28 ft to the ground. He was killed. Employee #1 may have contacted an electric line while on the roof that resulted in his falling.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on February 15, 2019, an employee worked from a ladder to install b atten strips onto new construction. At some point, the employee stepped off the ladder and onto a small roof porch that collapsed. The employee fell approximate ly eighteen feet and was hospitalized to treat facial injuries and a left leg fr acture.
struck_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on September 30, 2015, an employee was working for an electric powe r utility. He was part of a crew placing a wooden utility pole into position. Th ey were using ropes, a sling, a 360-millimeter (14-inch) Lindsey 501-2 pulley, a nd a digger derrick truck to pull the pole into position. While the pole was bei ng pulled into position, it became lodged in the dirt and brush. The employee at tempted to free the pole. He was using a peavey tool, which is, a logging tool c onsisting of a handle, generally from 0.76 to 1.27 meters (30 to 50) inches long , with a metal spike protruding from the end. He was using this tool to rock the pole free while it was still being pulled on by the line truck. The pulley was secured to a manzanita stump with a 25-milllimeter (1-inch) fiber sling. The sli ng failed, and the pulley was launched toward the employee. It struck him in the head and he was killed.
struck_fatal	An employee was driving a delivery truck and failed to negotiate a curve in the roadway.  The employee was killed when his truck struck a utility pole.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on February 26, 2019, an employee was grinding a piece of metal on a set of steel stairs when it became stuck and he lost control of it. The angler grinder wheel did not have a guard.  The employee lacerated his left hand when it kicked up and struck him.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 5:45 p.m. on December 3, 2015, an employee was sweeping the mud and debris le ft from the trucks on the median of a highway.  A private citizen driving a car struck him.  The worker flew 20 yds and was killed instantly.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 24, 2017, an employee was working in an outside area of a sawmill facility where trailers are loaded and unloaded, assisting with the un loading of a curtain side trailer. As the employee was standing on a concrete su rface, positioned midway along the left side of the curtain side trailer, he gra sped a vertical column with two hands and attempted to lift it out of its socket . The vertical column, which was still under load by the curtain cover assembly, collapsed and struck the employee on the left side of his face. The force of th e blow knocked the employee to the ground, fracturing his right hip. The employe e was taken to a nearby urgent care facility, where he underwent surgery.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on July 3, 2014, an employee was working as a driver for a firm eng aged in long-distance specialized freight trucking. He and another driver, a cow orker, were standing outside their heavy hauling trucks. They were inspecting th e area to see if the coworker could clear a load of steel pipe that was lying ne xt to an area where the trailer needed to travel.  The employee was standing nea r the left rear axle when he motioned the coworker to pull forward.  The employe e was acting as a spotter. The employee motioned to the coworker to pull forward .  The coworker pulled his trailer forward not knowing that the spotter was not far away enough from the tires.  As the coworker pulled forward, the tires of hi s truck's trailer ran over the employee. The employee sustained multiple blunt f orce injuries and traumatic asphyxiation. He was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 4, 2017, an employee was sanding a private road while d riving a dump truck. The employee suffered head trauma when the truck left the r oad and landed in a nearby stream. The employee was not wearing a seat  belt whi le driving. The employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on September 13, 2019, Employee #1 was travelling up a backside hil l, to perform site clearing, using a Hyundai HR110C-9, Hyundai Compaction Roller Smooth Drum (SN: 20548), at the Medina Ranch.  Employee #1 was not wearing a se atbelt and while he attempted to turn around, the roller tipped over and then, t he roof of the rollover protective structure pinned against his abdominal area. Employee #1 was caught between the ground and the equipment and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a municipal utility, wa s engaged in a water main installation.  Using a portable cut-off saw, he cut an approximately 5-foot long section of 4-inch steel water pipe.  He entered the t rench with the pipe, at which point he touched the exposed end of the pipe.  Emp loyee #1 received an electric shock.  He was transported to the hospital, admitt ed, and monitored for heart rate and other vital signs as well as a right forear m muscle tremor.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 16, 2019, an employee fell approximately eighteen feet wh ile conducting steel erection activities. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat facial injuries.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 17, 2017, an employee was torch cutting the axle of a l oader truck while a pressurized tire was still installed on the rim.  The pressu rized tire got into fire which caused the tire to blow out. The worker was struc k and killed by a projectile of the outer lip of the rim on the upper body which tore his body vertically in half and was found 150 feet away from the location of the incident.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on June 18, 2019, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were engaged in highway paving repairs.  Coworker #1 was operating a milling machine being used to remove the top surface of the road. The removed surface material then moved by conveyor to a waiting belly dump truc k being operated by Coworker #2.  Employee #1 was attempting to re-tie a broken guide line used by the milling machine operator.  Employee #1 was stooped down i n front of the belly dump truck's rear wheels.  Coworker #2 received a signal fr om Coworker #1 to pull ahead.  As Coworker #2 pulled the belly dump truck forwar d, the rear wheels struck Employee #1.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he died from multiple crushing injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 21, Employee #1, a heat/frost insulator, and a coworker were preparing to install new insulation on a building's Niagara cooling unit/ai r handler unit.  Employee #1's left hand came in contact with the belt and pulle y, which were not fully guarded and were not locked out.  Employee #1 required h ospitalization and treatment for a partially amputated index finger.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:15 p.m. on March 28, 2017, an employee was priming and clear ing the concrete hose so concrete could be pumped through it. A 7 foot 3 inches metal hook got clogged and when it was released, it shot up striking the employe e on the jaw. The employee was hospitalized and treated for fractured jaw.
fall_fatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on September 28, 2015, an employee was repairing an 8-inch by 8-inch piece of drywall that was removed two weeks prior by another wo rker that repaired a pipe in the upstairs bathroom. The employee suffered from h eart attack that caused him to fall to concrete and die.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:10 p.m. on July 25, 2012, Employee #1 was fitting structural steel that would eventually be used to build a land based oil rig. A 120 volt ex tension cord, used to power the employee's grinder and fan, was lying across a welder's ground clamp. The ground clamp became hot and melted the insulation on the extension cord. The hot black conductor contacted the ground clamp and energ ized the equipment being welded and anything that was connected to the grounded piece of equipment. A flat bar was on the floor of the shop. The piece of equipm ent which employee was working on was electrically connected by the piece of fla t bar. The metal toolbox was conductive and electrified. Employee #1 went to get his toolbox and was electrocuted when he touched the electrified toolbox.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:15 p.m. on July 16, 2012, an employee, of Solex Contracting, Inc., an electrical contractor, was replacing a power breaker cover after checking for proper wiring and power to the cell side. As he proceeded to put the panel cover back on, an electric arc flash occurred. The employee suffered severe first and second degree burns to his left arm, left hand, and right hand. The Long Beach Fire Department, which responded to this incident, reported it to Cal/OSHA's Torrance District Office at 16:59 p.m. on July 16, 2012. The employer reported the incident to the Torrance District Office at 10:00 a.m. on July 17, 2012.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on July 1, 2012, an employee sprayed a flammable liquid towards so me energized electrical equipment. This caused the flammable liquid to ignite an d cause an electrical arch flash fire. The employee received first and second de gree burns to portions of his body and was hospitalized for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On March 14, 2014, Employee #1, a construction helper employed by a contractor doing business as Full Service Scaffold, was engaged in erecting a scaffold as part of an exterior painting project at a residential building. Employee #1's hand came into contact with overhead high-voltage power lines. Employee #1 was electrocuted. This fatality was investigated by Cal/OSHA.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 1, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working as a subcontractor at a multiemployer construction site for a mu ltifamily residential building.  He was on the building roof and installing roof sheeting while attached to a 15-foot retractable cable.   Employee #1 slipped o n the sheeting and fell from the roof.  As he fell and swung from the cable, he pushed off from the wall.  The cable unlocked, and Employee #1 continued to fall , striking the ground with his legs and lower torso.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for fractures to his legs, hip, and ribs.
caught_fatal	At 5:15 p.m. on June 12, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a pipeline construction company,  was working at a jobsite and positioned between a Morooka rubber-track ed construction vehicle and a Ford F250 truck.  He was unhooking a strap he had used to tow the F250 when the truck lunged forward, striking the employee and pi nning him between the front of the truck and the rear of the tracked vehicle.  T he employee sustained crushing injuries and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:57 a.m. on April 23, 2009, Employee #1, lead man, worked for a general contractor who performs renovation of buildings. He removed the X-bracing of a scaffold to gain access to his work location. The scaffold collapsed on top of him, and he sustained a fractured back and ribs. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on July 13, 2022, an employee was killed when was struck by a falli ng platform.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 7, 2019, an employee worked on the roof of a single-fam ily home under renovation. While walking across the garage roof, the employee lo st footing and fell approximately twelve feet off the roof. The employee was hos pitalized to treat a nose fracture and bruised ribs.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 12, 2017, an employee was pulling on a rope to break a s ection of a cut tree trunk.  The employee was pulled into the air by the piece o f the tree, and when it broke loose. The piece landed on the employee's leg.  Th e employee was hospitalized where his leg was amputated.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on December 17, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker were hand shoveli ng mud and muck into the bucket of an excavator.  The operator of the excavator would then lift the bucket out of the trench to empty it under the direction of the foreman.  The operator of the excavator was walking off site to take his lun ch break.  The foreman asked the operator if he could move the bucket back some. The operator got back into the excavator and began to operate the excavator. When the operator moved the bucket, it pinned the employee who was down in the t rench against the side wall of the trench.  The employee suffered internal injur ies to his abdomen and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:09 p.m. on January 9, 2019, Employee #1 was helping move a stone slab. The stone slab slipped out of clamp and fell on employee's left toe.  The employee w as hospitalized to amputate the toe.
fall_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on November 11, 2016, an employee fell off a ladder and through a w indow before landing on the ground.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on March 14, 2019, an employee was removing and re-installing meta l decking throughout a commercial building. As employees removed and re-installe d the metal decking, they would place the old metal decking over the skylights o n the roof. Employee #1 was working as a laborer who was removing the old metal decking and removing the old roof jacks.  Employee #1 walked beyond the extensio n ladder "safe zone" (attempted CDZ) and fell through the skylight and was kille d.
struck_nonfatal	On May 17, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing maintenance work at a two-st ory commercial warehouse.  He was replacing screws on the metal roof when he fel l through an unprotected/unguarded skylight, a fall height of 24 feet, and struc k a copier machine being stored in the warehouse.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to the wrist and ankle.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 p.m. on August 1, 2016, a worker was picking up supplies at a hardware s tore, when he began feeling ill as a result of an earlier head trauma.  The work er died as a result of his injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on December 26, 2018, Employee #1 backed a refrigerated box truck u p to the dock at the mobile cross dock station. The employee put the dock plate in position, and was operating the 1,750 pound electric pallet jack on the dock plate in order to retrieve the empty pallets from inside of the delivery truck. As he was unloading the empty pallets, the hinged dock plate slipped between the dock and the back of the truck. Employee #1 fell approximately four feet to the ground and was struck in the face by the electric pallet jack that had also fal len between the dock and truck. He sustained fractured jaws, broken teeth, injur ed shoulder and hip, and was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 10;00 a.m. on May 2, 2018, an employee was pulling high voltage insulated lin e covers with a tag line as the derrick boom got close to the distribution line 4,160 volts.  The employee's coworker lifted an 80 foot long wood transmission r eplacement pole to an upright position when the boom collapsed and the pole fell , striking the employee.  The employee suffered head and body injuries, killing him.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on June 1, 2017, an employee was operating a forklift and then swit ched to operating an aerial man lift to help set the joists of a rafter. The raf ter was approximately 30 feet above compacted soil and he was not wearing person al fall protection. During work, the employee fell and sustained a broken verteb rae, as well as bruises to his face. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on September 24, 2018, an employee was reading a measurement writte n on a soffit board while working to install a gutter. The employee was possibly standing on the roof or in the middle of ascending or descending a ladder when he fell approximately ten feet. The employee was hospitalized for a fracture to his vertebrae, which resulted in paralysis from the waist down.
struck_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 5, 2020, Employee #1 was working on the demolition of power transmission lines, using voice and hand signals to communicate to a cowor ker.   As the coworker placed the section of tower onto the load, the existing l oad of  two 20 ft. sections of tower was disturbed and fell over the side of the flatbed, striking, crushing and killing Employee # 1.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in roofing activity at a two-story multifamily residential structure. He was attempting to install a fall protection anchor on top of the structure' s roof, which had a pitch of 7:12.  The employee's feet became entangled in an a ir hose, and he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and tre ated for multiple fractured ribs, a fractured pelvis, and a collapsed lung.
struck_fatal	At 4:27 PM on December 2, 2015, an employee was walking on the decking when air compressor became unattached from a crane and fell on the employee. The employee killed sustained blunt force trauma to the head.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on October 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a masonry contractor , was working at a jobsite.  He was operating a power drill and drilling a hole when his glove became caught on the drill chuck.  His left hand's pinky finger w as amputated.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the finger amputation.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a residential construction project.  He was working inside a home made trash bin when he fell to the ground and struck concrete, a fall height of approximately 16 feet.  Employee #1 was killed as the result of blunt force trau ma sustained in the fall.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was engaged in electrical installation work for a new building.  A forkl ift was carrying a disconnect, and the employee was aligning the disconnect to t he bus plug.  The forklift shifted, and the disconnect slid against the bus plug , which shorted and produced an arc flash.  Employee #1 was burned in the arc fl ash.  Emergency services transported him to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for burns to his neck, abdomen, left arm, and left hand.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was working from a ladder and engaged in an installation.  He was pulling a ca ble through a wall when he lost balance and fell, a fall height of 15 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment o f a fractured femur (thighbone).
struck_nonfatal	At 6:45 a.m. on June 1, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a demolition contractor, was removing internal structures and materials at a building demolition site.  H e was in the basket of a scissor lift and using bolt cutters to remove a t-bar c eiling wire.  A wall in an adjacent area suddenly and inexplicably came free, st riking and knocking over the scissor lift.  Employee #1, still in the lift baske t, fell with the lift as it struck the floor.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures of the pelvis and an elbow.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on September 18, 2018, an employee was working with some concrete f orms when a large metal ring struck his finger after it slipped from the form wo rk.  The employee amputated his finger and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 15, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in maintenance/repair work at a two-story residential structure.  He wa s climbing a ladder to check where he needed to install some strips that had bee n painted.  The ladder slipped and the employee fell, a fall height of 20 feet, and struck the top of the air conditioner unit.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of multiple fractured ribs and vertebra e, and contusions to other bones and areas.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:55 p.m. on December 3, 2003, Employees #1, #2, and #3 were building a bridge over the Napa River in Napa, California. They were constructing the reinforcing steel mat inside the lower formwork on top of the falsework. The falsework, which was erected to support the future poured concrete bridge deck, collapsed while being graded with a system of hydraulic jacks and wedges. The failure occurred at Bent Number 122, which kicked out westward, causing all beams, formwork, and reinforcing steel mats between Bents Number 121 and Number 123 to fall to the ground. At the time of accident, Employee #2 was working about 10 ft inside the section that collapsed, near the east end. Employee #1 was near the center of the failed area, and Employee #3 was at the very east end. Employee #3 grabbed the rebar mat and did not fall to the ground, but stopped himself about 10 ft to 12 ft down the mat. He sustained an electric shock. Employees #1 and #2 fell with the formwork approximately 20 ft to 30 ft, ending up in the collapsed structure. Employee #2 sustained cuts and bruises and was treated at a hospital Emergency Room. Employee #1 fractured his ribs and sustained spinal cord injuries. He was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 23, 2017, an employee was sweeping water from an elevate d location when he slipped and fell 12 feet to the ground.  The employee sustain ed a broken rib, which he was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury .
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was repainting the exterior of a two-story residential structure.  He was working fr om a ladder set at a 45-degree angle and painting the brick around a window when he fell and struck concrete, a fall height of approximately 17 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and tr eated for injuries that included fractures to multiple ribs, a compound fracture of his left hand, a laceration to the head, and multiple injuries along his spi ne.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 p.m. on April 20, 2021, an employee applied stain with a paintbrush to t he decorative exterior corbels of a building while standing on a twenty-eight fo ot extension ladder. At some point, the employee fell approximately eighteen fee t from the ladder and was killed by blunt force trauma to the head and neck.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on March 6, 2019, Employee #1 was using an extension ladder, instal ling steel on the side of a horse barn. The employee was working from the third and fourth rung on the ladder when the ladder shifted, and the employee fell 10 feet, fracturing his left wrist and arm. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his in juries.
fall_fatal	At 5:45 p.m. on August 16, 2019, Employee #1, hired as a handyman by the owner o f a one-story mixed use building (part commercial, part residential apartments), was repairing portions of the building's roof by replacing roofing materials. As he transitioned from the roof onto an extension ladder, the employee fell, a fall height of 6 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he di ed from head injuries sustained in the fall.
electrocution_nonfatal	Employee # 1, a lead electrical testing technician, was engaged in inspection, cleaning, and lubrication of three-phase switch gear at 4,160 volts. The technician, who was not wearing personal protective equipment, was working in a cabinet from which a circuit breaker had been removed. Part of the circuitry was apparently de-energized and not locked out or tagged out, and another part was energized. An electric arc occurred, resulting in Employee #1 receiving third degree burns to the left hand and first degree burns to the right forearm. Employee #1 was taken to the hospital and admitted.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 27, 2017, an employee was working as part of a construc tion crew and moving temporary road signage from one section of highway to anoth er to prepare for concrete culvert construction.  The employee was riding in the back of a 2007 Dodge 3500HD Dually with the tailgate down picking up the fabric signs as a coworker drove at approximately 10 to 12 mph.  Strong winds caused o ne of the fabric signs in the truck to strike the employee which caused the work er to fall out of the back of the truck onto the pavement.  The employee suffere d head, face, neck and body trauma when he stuck the pavement and was killed fro m his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:40 a.m. on December 11, 2018, an employee was measuring stud to stud to put sheetrock up around the pipe. As the employee was attempting to measure, the ro lling scaffold slid, and the employee fell off approximately five feet.  The emp loyee received a fracture to his left hip. The rolling scaffold wheels were lock ed.  Hospitalization was not required.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a pipeline constructio n company, was working at a job site.  He was operating a 90-pound jackhammer an d breaking up concrete when the jackhammer came into contact with a 12,740-volt buried power line.  Employee #1 was burned in the ensuing arc blast.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for second and third degree burns.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:04 a.m. on October 3, 2018, an employee was using a forklift to put away p alletized product and lost control of the forklift.  The employee caught his foo t between the forklift and a bollard, fracturing it.  The employee was hospitali zed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:13 a.m. on May 7, 2019, Employee #1 and his foreman, employed by a construc tion company, were working at a commercial building project.  The foreman was op erating a Bobcat forklift to lift a 1-ton bundle of rebar.  The foreman set the bundle of rebar down to reposition the load.  The rebar slipped off the forks, f ell to the ground, and struck Employee #1's left leg.  Employee #1 was transport ed to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a fractured leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on July 11, 2018, an employee and coworkers were installing wood be ams and conducting other framing activities at a new building construction. The employee was walking on a wooden beam to get to the next area to install the nex t wooden beam when the employee lost balance, slipped and fell thirteen feet. Th e employee was hospitalized to treat the multiple back fractures.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on January 14, 2016, an employee was installing ceiling joists on the second floor of a residential single family dwelling construction site. The employee was in process of coming down from the top plate when he lost his balan ce and fell from the top plate of the second floor. The employee struck his head on the frozen ground below which also had rocks.  Fall distance was estimated t o be over 24 feet. Employee sustained a traumatic brain injury, compromised airw ay, multiple head and neck wounds, and was unresponsive when medical attention a rrived.  Employee died four days later as a result of his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On July 23, 2009, Employee #1, a truck driver, delivers food products to restaurants. He was using a Mitsubishi pallet jack, Model Number GS, Serial Number 687437, to pull a loaded pallet onto the truck's lift. The weight of the pallet was approximately 1,100 pounds. He pulled the pallet jack too far and its guide wheel dropped over the edge of the truck's lift. This caused the pallet to drop onto his foot. He lost his balance and fell backwards off the lift. He struck his head on the pavement 51-in. below while having his foot still stuck under the pallet. He suffered a massive hematoma to the back right side of his head and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on November 7, 2018, an employee was setting up an Ace World Compan ies 15 Ton Overhead Crane and connected his lanyard to a horizontal lifeline mou nted on the building wall.  The employee was pulled over the railing of the cran e when the lanyard's snap hook came into contact with an eye bolt of a horizonta l lifeline and fractured several ribs.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on November 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servic es company, was installing a lightning arrester on a electrical transformer duri ng the construction of an electric substation.  An arc flash occurred, and the e mployee was burned.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital , where he was admitted and treated for third degrees burns to his arms and back .
electrocution_fatal	At 2:32 p.m. on April 23, 2019, an employee was killed while troubleshooting at a junction box that had 480 volts. The employee was found unresponsive with wiri ng in his right hand and without electrical gloves.
caught_fatal	On February 11, 2011, an employee was working in a auger pit. The cover plate of a floor auger used to carry debris to a sump pond had been removed and a 10 ft section had been taken out by the earlier shift in order to replace it with a new one. Without checking that the auger was locked out, the employee entered the auger pit to start cutting out the old section. The pit was approximately 1.5 feet wide and 3 feet deep. While he was in the pit another employee turned on the power to the auger that had not been locked out. The employee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On August 1, 2011, Employees #1, #2, #3, #4 and #5 of Davenport Roofing were attempting to position an aluminum extension ladder against a building to access the roof. Employee #1 and Employee #2 were both holding onto the base of the ladder when it contacted an overhead power line. Both were electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 11:47 a.m. on January 20, 2016, an employee was attempting to get a Bobcat sk id steer loader back on the ramps of a flatbed.  The employee was subsequently s truck by the Bobcat, suffered multiple internal injuries and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 26, 2017, an employee was installing shingles. The employe e fell from the roof, but was able to get up and go home. He and another worker stopped at a gas station where the man fell from the truck and struck his head, resulting in death.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 12:30 a.m. on October 20, 2012, Employee #1 was working as a truck driver for a full-service event rental facility and event planning service business. He and a coworker were parking a Ford F-250 Super Duty pickup truck at a warehouse facility in Valencia, CA. The truck had License Number 7W71909, with a year 2012 Sticker Number G0469810 and 259,471 miles on the odometer. He and his coworkers were returning from picking up a dance floor at an event that night. Employee #1 exited the passenger side of his truck and went to the warehouse. He did this in order to pull out a limousine to make room for the pickup truck he was driving. After moving the limousine, Employee #1 opened the driver side door of the limousine and began to exit the vehicle. At this time, the pickup truck started rolling backwards and ran over him. The truck continued moving backward for approximately 200 feet (61 meters), until it was stopped by a cement structure. Employee #1 sustained multiple chest and head injuries. He was transported to Henry Mayo Newhall Memorial Hospital and admitted the same day. He remained in the ICU for treatment. He was discharged on October 24, 2012. The causal factor of the accident was that the truck was not completely stopped in a secure manner prior to Employee #1's exiting of the truck. As a result of the investigation, the Division determined that no Title 8 Safety Order was violated regarding the accident. A citation for T8 CCR 342(a) was issued for not reporting a serious injury within 8 hours.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on October 29, 2017, an employee was checking the voltage after res toring power to a customer and used a volt meter rated for 1,000 volts on a tran sformer with 4,160 volts, creating an arc flash.  The employee suffered second d egree burns to both hands and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on March 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in interior installation work at a one-story residential structure. He was pulling sheetrock into position between the joists when he took a wrong step, lost control, and fell between the joists to the concrete floor, a fall h eight of 12 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was ad mitted for treatment of injuries to his ankle.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 9, 2017, an employee was moving a concrete slab.  The emp loyee was crushed when the rigging being used failed and the concrete slab fell on top of the employee.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on March 28, 2019, an employee stood next to a skid steer in an ex cavation. The operator turned the skid steer and stuck the employee. The employe e was hospitalized to treat rib fractures.
struck_fatal	At 4:50 a.m. on April 30, 2016, a worker was working from a ladder to perform pa inting duties.  The ladder slid out from under the worker, causing him to fall. The worker died as a result of his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on April 17, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in reroofing work at a two-story arts center. The employee fell and struck his head on the ground.  Emergency services transported the employee to t he hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of head injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:53 p.m. on September 28, 2015, an employee was standing by to assist while excavation occurred. Before leaving for the day, the employee got into the excavation to get a shovel out and the side of the excavation caved in. The employee was crushed and killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 3, 2106, an employee was operating a Hyster Fork Lift to ma nipulate a forging die under a press hammer.  The employee was struck in the for ehead by a knockout tool that was ejected when the press hammer lowered.  The em ployee was killed by his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On December 15, 2009, Employee #1 was working as part of a crew rock drilling. A coworker operating the drill rig was having a problem disengaging a drill rod from the rig. The drill rig, an Atlas Copco ROC D3, was rented by the employer specifically for this job. The rig is operated by one person, and utilizes two hydraulic arms to insert and remove drill rods. This is unlike the rigs normally used by the crew, which require a worker to manually insert and remove the rods. A coworker, a senior operator, was attempting to assist the machine operator with the removal of the stuck rod, and was at the operators control panel. Employee #1, who was not familiar with the operation of this rig, attempted to manually unscrew the drill rod. As he did the hydraulic arms swung to grab the rod. Employee #1's left hand was caught in between the hydraulic arm and the drill rod. His finger was partially amputated and several other parts of the hand were crushed. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on June 7, 2016, Employee #1 was standing on the road's shoulder l oading equipment into the back of a work van.  He had just finished an inspectio n of communications equipment inside a manhole with Employee #2 . Employee  #1wa s struck from behind by a 2002 Mitsubishi Montero when it swerved off of the sou thbound lane of Delaware Route 1, in Frederica, DE. Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on February 8, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an industrial painting contractor, were engaged in exterior painting on a bridge.  Employee # 1 was on the quick deck, 37 feet above the safe span, when he fell through the a ccess ladder opening, a fall height of 37 feet.  Employee #1 landed on Employee #2, who was working at the base of the access ladder.  Emergency services were c alled, and both employees were transported to the hospital.  They both were admi tted and treated for multiple injuries, including bleeding on the brain, a broke n cheek bone, and body contusions.
fall_nonfatal	On April 27, 2017, Employee #1 was standing on a 25 foot aluminum extension ladd er, removing old wooden siding from the gable area of a garage. As the employee transitioned from one extension ladder to a neighboring aluminum extension ladde r, the second ladder's bottom gave way, causing the employee to ride the ladder down to the asphalt pavement below. Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries to h is left heel and ankle, and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on June 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in roofing repair work on a school roof.  As he rolled Firestone EPD M Bonding Adhesive BA-2004(T) along the roof's edge, he fell, a fall height of 1 4 feet.  Employee #1 sustained a fractured skull and a fractured leg and was kil led.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 30, 2003, Employee #1, a pump operator for Service Pump Concrete in Fullerton, CA, was working on a small landscaping project at a school construction site in Hawthorn, CA. He was walking through the construction area when he stepped on an electrified stake and received a shock. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and observed for several hours before being released. A proposed concrete drainage swale had undergone a change order, and its location was moved a few feet from its original position. The initial plan called for a PVC conduit containing electrical wires to be buried a few inches underground and then covered with concrete. The swale had since been moved and the conduit was now alongside it. In setting the forms, a coworker had driven flat steel form holders into the ground adjacent to the new swale. One of the steel rods penetrated the PVC conduit and pierced an energized wire, causing the stake to become energized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on July 9, 2007, an employee, working with a four man crew, had installed a new pole and moved the lines to the new pole prior to the accident. The primary line had been covered with insulated line hoses and blankets. The crew positioned the equipment to remove the old pole. A choker was attached to the pole to lift the pole and the pole grabber on the line truck was hooked around the pole. The pole was then lifted approximately 12 to 18 inches up. The foreman then instructed the employee, a groundman, to cut off the pole with a chain saw. When the cut was made, the bottom of the pole kicked out toward the road, where the employee was standing. The employee tried to use his hands to push the pole back from hitting him. When the pole kicked out, the top of the pole contacted the energized primary line. The employee, who was not wearing required PPE, rubber gloves, was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 15, 2021, an employee worked from a ladder to conduct s ervice line replacement. While cutting a cable strand at midspan, the employee f ell approximately thirty feet from a ladder. The employee was hospitalized to tr eat fractures to the neck (cervical vertebra), nose and orbital bone.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 19, 2018, three employees were assembling a metal scaffol d when one of the cross members made contact with the overhead power line.  All three employees were hospitalized from electric shock and electric burns to thei r bodies.
electrocution_fatal	On April 30, 2003, Employee #1, a truck driver, was standing nearby as an equipment operator used a crawler excavator to remove steel posts and metal sections of guardrails as part of a highway expansion project. During the work process, a section of the excavator's arm or boom contacted a 46,000-volt overhead transmission line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On October 9, 2008, Employee #1 was operating a Versalift (Serial Number 139167, Model Number SHV36PI) truck mounted aerial lift to set a pole on private property, so that the power company could run power from an existing 7,200 volts line to a new mobile home on the property. The Versalift had a fiberglass bucket and was rated at 6,900 volts. The home owner had already dug the hole for the pole. The owner of the company sent Employee #1's coworker, a helper, to another site, leaving him to set the pole alone. Employee #1 positioned the truck at the corner of the mobile home, a little over 20 ft from the 7,200 volts line. He attached the pole to the truck's bucket. Using the aerial controls from inside the bucket, he positioned the pole. As he performed the task, he contacted the bottom of the bucket against the neutral line and the top rim of the bucket against the hot line and, according to responders, had a hand on the hot as well. The electric current electrocuted Employee #1, ignited the bucket, and burst the hydraulic line. The bucket separated from the mast and fell to the ground with Employee #1.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 10, 2018, an employee was making a turn and misjudged the distance between his right front tire and pipe that sticking out approximately 2 inches from the end of a pallet.  The employee's forklift ran over the end of the pipe, causing it to cantilever up and strike him in the head.  The employee fractured his skull and sustained a scalp laceration.  The employee was hospital ized.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on August 27, 2013, Employee #1, a painter, and coworkers, all employed by the painting contractor T & T Improvements Inc., were painting the exterior side walls of a multifamily residential building. Employee #1 was working from the sloped roof of the porch, which had a pitch of 4:12. He fell approximately 9 feet to the concrete surface below. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Providence holy Cross Medical Center. He was admitted and treated for a fractured hand and a cut to the forehead. Employee #1 remained hospitalized for six days. The employer notified Cal/OSHA of the incident at 3:45 p.m. on August 27, 2013. During Cal/OSHA's subsequent investigation, it was determined that Employee #1 had been working as a painter for T & T Improvements for approximately five months. At the time of Employee #1's fall, he was working adjacent to coworkers and the site supervisor. Interviews were conducted with Employee #1, Employee #1's supervisor (partial interview), and injured coworkers. The investigation concluded that Employee #1 had not been using or required to use approved fall protection, and the Primary Employer, Barrett Business Services Inc., did not ensure or verify that at the time of Employee #1's fall he was using or required to use approved fall protection. This violation of CCR Title 8 Section 1670(a) was determined to be the cause of the fall. Cal/OSHA issued a Serious Accident Related citation to the Secondary Employer, T & T Improvements, and a General citation to the Primary Employer, Barrett Business Services (the latter citation due to lack of evidence of employer knowledge) according to CCR Title 8 Section 1670(a).
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on September 6, 2011, Employee # 1 was cutting a piece of board about two inches thick using a Makita 2703 Table Saw (Serial # 169049A). Employee # 1 slipped and struck the saw, his middle finger was amputated. The accident was reported by the employer on September 10. No other details were provided in the original abstract.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 14, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was placing a 4 by 4 dunnage between stacks of solar panels at an elementary school.  The top panels shifted and caught the employee's left ring finger.  The employee was treated for a partial finger amputation but was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on February 4, 2020, an employee was marking a road in preparation to cut the road with a saw. The employee was working on the road without marking the road for construction and diverting traffic from the work zone and not wear ing high-visibility apparel. At some point, while marking the road, the employee was struck by a motor vehicle and killed by blunt force trauma injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 21, 2019, an employee worked to build planter boxes usin g a circular saw (Skil saw, Model #SPT77WM) to cut boards. The employee held the material with the left hand and operated the saw with the right hand to cut the boards. During a cut, the saw kicked back and struck the employee's hand near t he knuckle of the left thumb. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitte d to treat a severe laceration to the left hand.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on February 26, 2019, an employee cleaned up trash and debris on th e eight floor of a new construction building which included sheets of plywood. T he employee lifted a piece of plywood used to cover a floor hole and then steppe d, unknowingly into the hole. The employee fell approximately twenty feet and la nded head first on the sixth floor having fallen through a seventh floor hole. T he employee was hospitalized to treat multiple skull, neck, spine and collar bon e fractures, brain swelling, multiple instances of internal bleeding and large c ontusions and abrasions to the upper body and abdomen.
fall_fatal	At 5:15 p.m. on January 6, 2022, Employee #1 and Employee #2 worked on a commerc ial roof standing on plywood. At some point, the plywood became displaced, and t he employees fell approximately forty-two feet. Employee #1 was killed, and Empl oyee #2 hospitalized with unspecified injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 14, 2017, an employee was rearranging a stack of cardboa rd and paper waste material when a bundle of waste material fell on him.  It cau sed multiple fractures to his nose and ribs.
fall_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on May 11, 2014, the employee was working on a roof and fell throug h an unprotected skylight. The employee fell twenty-three (23) feet thus killing the employee.
caught_nonfatal	On February 4, 2010, Employee #1, a standup forklift operator, was driving down an aisle when the lift controls stopped working. The lift rolled into the upright of the racking. Employee #1's left foot left the operator's compartment and was caught between the forklift and the racking upright. Employee #1 sustained a fracture to the left ankle and foot. Employee #1 underwent surgery and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 28, 2019, an employee was cutting toe boards for a cabin et installation project using a Milwaukee M18 portable circular saw.   The emplo yee was struck by the board when it kicked back and came across his left hand, a mputating the tip of his ring finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction frami ng company, was working at a multifamily residential building site.  He was stan ding on a truss above the second floor of a unit and operating a nail gun.  Empl oyee #1 slipped from the truss, fell between an 2-foot gap between the truss he was standing on and the next truss, and fell to the stairwell landing on the sec ond level of the unit below, a fall height of approximately 11 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for a fractured right leg and contusions and abrasions to hi s upper front and back torso and arms.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on March 21, 2019, an employee was placing a 2,600 lb steel plate t o cut using a crane.  The employee crushed his hand and amputated three fingers when the shoes holding the plate moved and it fell on top of him.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 20, 2015, an employee was installing underlayment on a secon d story pitched roof.  The employee stopped working, removed his safety line fro m his full body harness he was wearing, and proceeded to walk on the pitched roo f. He slipped and fell to the concrete 19 feet below, striking his head.  The em ployee was pronounced dead due to cardiac arrest brought on by the head trauma.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:33 p.m. on March 29, 2021, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a power line construction company, were working outside a residence.  They were assigned to install a de-energized 7,300 kilovolt secondary electrical service line at a height of approximately 25 feet.  Employee #1, working from an insulated bucket , was preparing the line.  His coworker, working from a second bucket, went down to ground level to retrieve two electrical hot sticks.  As the coworker was goi ng back up to assist Employee #1, he saw a flash of light and ducked into his bu cket.  Upon looking up, the coworker observed Employee #1 hanging over the bucke t, his body all in smoke.  Employee #1 either made contact with or came in close proximity to the energized electrical line.  He was killed by electrocution, ha ving sustained a severe electric shock and burns to his head, face, chest, arms, and abdominal area.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 15, 2015, an employee and a coworker were removing pitc h pans on an air-conditioning unit located on a roof. The coworker went off the roof to get tools and other equipment and found the employee who had fallen thro ugh the roof.  The employee suffered from blunt force trauma to the head, neck, and trunk and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 p.m. on August 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an infrastructure desig n and construction company, was engaged in concrete form work at a water/sewage treatment plant. He was using a safety harness and twin turbo retractable lanyar ds and climbing an Alsina/Alisply 30-foot tall formwork wall to do preparatory w ork before a cement pour.  Employee #1 fell.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for four fractured ribs, a fractured clavicle, a punctured lung, a fractured radius, lacerations to his liver and kidneys, and three fractured vertebrae.
fall_fatal	At 5:15 p.m. on January 6, 2022, Employee #1 and Employee #2 worked on a commerc ial roof. At some point, the plywood the employee's stood on moved and both empl oyees fell approximately forty-two feet. Employee #1 was killed and Employee #2 was hospitalized to treat unspecified injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on February 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as tearing off the roof of an existing one-story commercial building that was be ing renovated.  He was instructed to use a Milwaukee Sawzall reciprocating saw, Catalog Number 6519-30, Serial Number C25C3162702329, 12 amperes, 120 volts, to cut through metal conduit protruding approximately 16 inches above the roof's su rface.  The building owner had advised that the wires in the conduit were not en ergized.  However, when Employee #1 cut through the insulation to the wires insi de, he received an electric shock.  Emergency medical technicians with an ambula nce were parked outside the building, and they transported Employee #1 to the ho spital, where he was examined and released.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 16, 2018, an employee was rouging in an electrical box/pane l, when he contacted an energized circuit and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 1:10 p.m. on May 7, 2018, Employee #1, a driver of a flatbed truck, was opera ting a motor that pumps herbicide mixture into a field sprayer. After filling a field sprayer with the herbicide mixture, Employee #1 waited near his truck whil e his coworker drove the sprayer to a field for herbicide application. As the co worker placed the sprayer in reverse and began backing up, he inadvertently drov e over Employee #1 with the rear driver's side tire, killing him.
fall_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on August 3, 2017, an employee was removing old roofing sheet metal .  The employee stepped on roof insulation and fell through.  He fell 45 feet on to a ceramic floor and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 5:30 a.m. on January 2, 2019, an emplyee was setting up tanker truck to load bulk material for client delivery.  The employee was found on the ground next to tanker by another driver.   The employee sustained head injury and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:57 a.m. on June 3, 2016, an employee was installing ceramic tiles on the r oof of a two story residential structure. The employee fell approximately 17 fee t and 1 inch from edge of the roof, suffering a fatal head contusion.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 28, 2019, Employee #1 was working at a multiemployer cons truction project, a three-story multifamily residential building.  He was workin g from a ladder and installing siding on the chimney.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 30 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on March 14, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers were engaged in demoli tion work at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story commercial buildi ng.  They were holding a tag line to an open web steel joist that was being lowe red to the ground.  The load broke free, fell, and struck Employee #1.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitte d, and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_nonfatal	A 9:30 a.m. on March 15, 2017, an employee was moving a steel plate when one of the tacks broke.  The employee fractured both hands and several fingers when the steel plate fell on top of his hands. The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on July 20, 2018, an employee was attempting to open a wooden crate of plate glass panels to be installed. When the crate opened, fifteen plate gla ss panels fell down onto the employee who received fractures to her femur and wr ist and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 6:15 a.m. on March 15, 2017, an employee was raising a canopy tarp from a dum p trailer and was using a switch located on the rear outer cab wall of the truck .  The employee was electrocuted when the canopy came into contact with an overh ead 19.9K volt power line.
caught_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on April 13, 2022, an employee was working in close proximity to a 72-inch steel slitter machine. The employee put his hand near the re-coiler mac hine and became entangled in the roll of steel that had been cut by the slitter heads. The employee suffered head injuries from being caught in the metal roll a nd was killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 20, 2014, Employee #1 was laying felt paper on a 6/12 pi tch roof. It was raining and the entire crew was trying to lay the felt paper as quickly as possible to prevent damage to the residence.  The employee was not w earing any fall protection equipment. As Employee #1 attempted to exit the roof via a ladder, he slipped and fell 16 feet to the asphalt driveway, sustaining a fractured skull and facial bones, a broken ankle and a broken leg. Employee #1 w as taken to the hospital. On August 27, 2014, the employee was removed from life support and passed away.
struck_fatal	At 4:45 p.m. on September 28, 2018, an employee was operating a concrete pump tr uck hose and the pump truck outriggers sunk in some unstable soil, causing the t ruck to tip.  The employee was struck by the boom that was fully extended and wa s killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on August 28, 2021, an employee worked to replace roofing panels. W hile working, a panel collapsed, and the employee fell approximately twenty-eigh t feet and was killed by multiple, unspecified injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:02 a.m. on February 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a demolition company , was working at a demolition project.  An unattached fire damper fell and struc k Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to his shoulder, his spine, and two ribs.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 17, 2014, an employee was installing Exterior Insulation Fi nishing System (EIFS) on the garage of a residential structure. The employee, a 36 year old male drywall installer, was working from a baker style scaffold. The fatal accident was witnessed by the employee's coworker. The coworker stated th at the scaffolds platform fell while the employee was sanding the EIFS, causing the employee to fall and strike his head against the end frame. The coworker st ated that the platform was less than five feet off the ground. Emergency personn el were summoned to the scene however, the employee refused treatment. The emplo yee went home for the day. The employee's friend called emergency personnel agai n that evening; however, the employee once again refused treatment. The employee 's friends transported the employee to the hospital after the employee complain ed of headaches and began to vomit. The employee was admitted to the hospital wh ere he died on June 29, 2014 as a result of a subdural hematoma.
electrocution_fatal	On August 22, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by Coppersmith Gutter Company LLC, were working at a residential building. They were installing a steel downspout. According to Coworker #1's statement during the subsequent investigation, Employee #1 was attempting to angle the downspout around the electrical lines going into the house. Employee #1 was working from a Werner aluminum extension ladder that had been positioned with rubber caps above the window, under the soffit. The feet of the ladder were on the grass, north of the adjacent wood patio. Coworker #1 stated he heard a moan from Employee #1 and found Employee #1 slumped against the electrical wiring and still in contact with the aluminum ladder. Coworker #1, using the sole of his shoe, kicked the ladder out from under Employee #1 in an attempt to disconnect him from the electrical current. Employee #1 fell to the ground. According to Coworker #1, the ladder was not in contact with the electrical line. Employee #1 was electrocuted. This fatality was investigated by Minnesota OSHA. The subsequent Medical Examiner's report listed electrocution as the immediate cause of death.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:32 a.m. on August 21, 2012, an employee was working at a construction site as a power line worker. His employer was an subcontractor that performed electri cal utility work. The employee had set up his bucket truck and had attached a to ol tray and tool bag to the bucket of the truck. The employee then boomed the bu cket up to the location of the work activity approximately 9.8 meters (32 feet) high. The employee was disconnecting a guy approximately 380 to 458 millimeters (15 to 18 inches) below an overhead power line energized at 7,200 volts single p hase and a lower overhead power line, which was neutral with respect to ground. Using an adjustable wrench, like a Crescent wrench, the employee took off the nu t to the eye bolt that was holding the guy wire in place. The eye bolt went thro ugh a utility pole. The guy stretched approximately 6.7 meters (22 feet) through the top of another pole. It acting as a support, and it was anchored into the g round. The employee grabbed the guy in his right hand and began to remove it fro m the eye bolt. The weight of the guy caused him to shift his position. He uncon sciously reached up and grabbed the overhead power line energized at 7,200 volts . Initial reports indicate that an electric current entered his left hand at the web between his thumb and index finger and exited his right hand at the wrist. He was electrocuted. From an initial investigation, it appeared that the employe e was not wearing the necessary PPE to engage in the work that he was performing .
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 24, 2020, an employee worked to install hold downs to br ace the walls of new construction homes. At some point, a coworker yelled to the employee to "watch out" and the employee looked up to see walls collapsing. The employee took a position in an opening in the wall as the wall fell. The wall s truck the employee's head hard enough to knock off the employee's hard hat. The employee took a few steps and went to the ground. The employee was hospitalized to treat fractures to four vertebrae.
electrocution_fatal	On October 8, 2003, Employee #1 and a coworker were replacing missing and damaged flashing on the 22,000 sq. ft roof of a building. They set up a 32 ft tall aluminum extension ladder on the building's east side, placing its feet on a concrete sidewalk for stability. The coworker realized they needed more nails, so he sent Employee #1 back to the shop for them as well as a roll of trim coil. The coworker then climbed the ladder and went to work. Employee #1 returned approximately 30 minutes later with a box of nails. He climbed to the top of the ladder and put the nails down on an 18 in. tall parapet wall. He was stepping from the ladder on to the roof when he contacted a phase A, 13 kilovolt overhead power line and received a 7,620 volt electric shock. Employee #1 yelled, "I got shocked, I got shocked," and managed to finish stepping from the ladder onto the roof. He took a couple of steps, started shaking, and fell on his stomach. The coworker, who was sitting on the roof with both arms over the parapet, also received a shock, but was not injured. He gave Employee #1 mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and CPR until paramedics arrived. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he died. The ladder had been set up under power lines that ran the length of the building's east side. There were no electrical lines on the other three sides. The coworker had worked at the site at least six times in the previous 18 months and had set up the ladder in the same place each time. He did not think he was close to energized electric lines because he assumed that the lower lines, which were not insulated, were support cables. The overhead power line that Employee #1 contacted was 28 ft 4 in. above the ground, but only 12 in. from the edge of the building. The line may have been even closer to the ladder, which could have easily been set up on the building's north side where there were no electrical lines and flat footing existed for the ladder's feet. The work area, including the overhead power lines, had not been reviewed and discussed with the employees. In addition, employeees had not been trained against setting up ladders near electrical lines or about the hazards of using an aluminum ladder near power lines.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 29, 2019, Employee #1 was working at the site of a multif amily residential structure.  He was using a shovel to dig out soil from a trenc h in preparation for waterproofing.  The trench dimensions were 17 feet long by 80 inches wide by 72 inches deep, with a spoil pile of 4 feet placed next to the trench.  The employee was working at  a depth of 5 feet 6 inches when the side of the trench behind him separated and pinned the employee to the building's fou ndation wall.  No PPE or cave-in protection was being used.  Employee # 1 was ho spitalized to treat contusions to the legs and hand, hand and knee lacerations, and leg pain.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 p.m. on November 10, 2020, Employee #1 was washing a tanker recently us ed to haul molasses. While the employee was washing the tank through the opening at the top, he was killed by a heart attack and subsequent fall into the tank.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 a.m. on November  28, 2018, an employee used Toyota sit-down rider forkl ift, Model Number 8FGCU25, to unload plywood bundles from a railroad boxcar.  Th e boxcar contained horizontally stacked plywood bundles, plywood in partial bund les stacked two high vertically on-edge (i.e., standing on the 8-foot long edge) , and plywood in partial bundles standing vertically on-end (i.e., standing on t he 4-foot wide end).  The employee used a forklift to pick up and unload the hor izontally stacked plywood bundles, as well as the bundles standing on-edge witho ut getting off the forklift.  The bundles standing on-end consisted of 25 plywoo d sheets steel banded together, giving these bundles a 4-foot by 16-inch footpri nt and a height of 8 feet.  Each on-end bundle weighed 1,852 pounds.  A plywood bundle standing on-end, unsupported on the left side of the boxcar, tipped over and fell onto the employee.  The shift supervisor found the employee in a sittin g position on the boxcar floor, with his back against the boxcar side wall oppos ite the side wall against which the on-end bundle had stood, his legs extended o ut on top of the fully-lowered forklift forks, and with the plywood bundle lying on top of him.
caught_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on March 20, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an insu lation contractor, were working at a power plant.  They were cleaning up leftove r debris after removing old insulation from the top of a large indoor metal duct .  The duct sent heated boiler gases from the power generation portion of the po wer plant to the precipitators.  The two employees were walking on steel girders and metal planks because the surface of the duct was too thin to support their weight.  They were wearing full body harnesses attached to retractable lifelines as they moved across the top of the duct.  Their lifelines were anchored to ste el beams.  However, the tie off point was only 4.5 feet above the duct surface. Coworker #1 left to get additional tools for the work.  When he returned a few minutes later he discovered Employee #1 wedged down in the duct with one leg and his head protruding from a hole in the duct.  The environment in the duct was l ethal due to the heated gases, which during the subsequent investigation were de termined to have been 292 degrees Fahrenheit.  Coworker #1 tried to pull Employe e #1 out of the hole and keep his head above the duct.  Coworker #1 yelled for h elp, but he was not heard over the loud noise of the operation.  Coworker #1 eve ntually let go of Employee #1 and went for help.  When emergency responders arri ved, Employee #1 had slipped fully into the duct.  Personnel turned off power to the unit, but it took several minutes for the fan to wind down.  By this time E mployee #1 was unresponsive and was determined by the emergency responders to ha ve asphyxiated due to thermal stress to the lungs and brain.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on April 18, 2022, an employee was installing decking on the secon d story of a multi-family apartment building in the breezeway.  The employee fel l through the guard rail, approximately 10 feet, headfirst onto the concrete flo or below.  The employee's fall protection rope was too long to arrest him.  The employee sustained a head fracture and swelling of the brain.  He died after a 1 9 day stay at the hospital.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on July 18, 2015, an employee was working as part of a work crew cl eaning roof gutters at a residential dwelling.  The employee was using an A-fram e ladder and would position it next to the gutter while cleaning out the gutter by hand.  The employee fell approximately 10 feet to the ground from the ladder and was taken to the hospital where he died three days later.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on October 21, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a highway constructio n company, was replacing the air bake chamber of a dual axle heavy duty truck, a 2007 Sterling LT9500 Dump Truck.  A jack stand that was supporting the right re ar wheel/axle apparently kicked out.  The truck collapsed onto Employee #1, who sustained fatal crushing injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on July 9, 2015, Employee #1 was washing or preparing to wash out the hopper on his truck. As he worked, his truck ran over and kille d him. One of the truck's wheels caused multiple injuries over his body.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:35 p.m. on August 5, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a const ruction company, were working at a multiemployer construction project.  Employee #1 was unhooking rigging chain from a pile driver operated by Coworker #1.  Emp loyee #1 raised the pile driver's hammer before the chain was cut loose.  Employ ee #1's finger was pinched between the hook and the lifting plate and was amputa ted.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hos pital where he was treated and released.
caught_fatal	On January 3, 2014, Employee #1, employed by a construction contractor specializing in site preparation and excavation work, was engaged in cutting the steel floor out of a truck bed. He removed the first of two layers of thick steel without problem. Using a torch, he bored a large hole into part of the remaining flooring. A friend who was helping Employee #1 used a backhoe bucket to apply pressure to the steel. The applied pressure caused the steel to bend. This in turn caused wooden blocks that had been placed under the bed to shift. When the blocks shifted, the floor of the truck shifted and struck Employee #1 in the head and chest. Emergency services were called. When the emergency responders arrived, Employee #1 was pronounced dead at the scene.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on June 07, 2011, Employee #1, a temporary employee hired through a staffing agency, was working for a nonunionized patio furniture manufacturer that employed 120 workers. Employee #1 was using a jig and operating a drill press, manufactured by the Walker-Turner Division of the Kearny & Trecker Corporation (Serial Number 50EKYB), to drill holes in a metal bar (24 inches by 2 inches by 0.375 inches). His right, gloved hand got caught and pulled in by the rotating drill bit. Employee #1's middle finger was amputated, and he was hospitalized. The employer reported the serious injury to the Division at 1:55 p.m. on June 7, 2011.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:25 pm on July 2, 2017, an employee was operating a pallet jack end-rider tr uck in the food warehouse and accidentally accelerated the jack as it came aroun d a corner, colliding with a rack.  The employee's right leg was pinned between the support member of a rack and the pallet truck, fracturing the employee's fib ula.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on June 3, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a construc tion company, were engaged in framing operations for a three-story residential s tructure.  Work materials were being passed through a floor hole on the third le vel, and the floor hole then was left uncovered.  Employee #1 stepped into the o pen floor hole and fell approximately 30 feet, striking the basement's concrete floor.  Employee #1 sustained injuries that included a broken arm.  He was trans ported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 19, 2016, Employee #1 was climbing a ladder from the se cond floor to the mezzanine. The employee was overcome by a non-work related med ical event, which caused him to fall off the ladder. He was taken to the hospita l and later died.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 15, 2015, Employee #1 parked his truck on the side of the road to assist two motorists that had been involved in a collision. The emp loyee was attempting to stop traffic so the vehicles could be moved to the same side of the highway. A dump truck was approaching the scene of the accident and attempted to stop, when the brakes locked and the dump truck swerved out of cont rol. The dump truck struck Employee #1, crushing him against a metal street ligh t pole, killing him.
caught_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on August 7, 2013, an employee was attempting to stand the excavator attachment hammer in an upright position. The employee may had attempted to move the hammer attachment with a front end loader and chain without assistance of other staff, which had not yet arrived at the worksite. The employee was apparently struck by an excavator hammer attachment. A coworker found the employee pinned under the excavator attachment. The coworker managed to move the hammer attachment off the employee, contacted Tiorati Beach lifeguard staff for possible medical staff response, requested an ambulance from the Woodbury Police Department, and contacted the Park Police at Bear Mountain. The employee was semi-conscience when found by the coworker. The employee was transported to the Good Samaritan Hospital and was pronounced dead at approximately 11:18 a.m.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 15, 2017, Employee #1 employed by a plumbing contractor, a nd Coworker #1 were working at a residential building job site.  Employee #1 was standing on the edge of a vertically walled excavation that was approximately 1 1 feet deep.  The edge of the excavation collapsed, and Employee #1 fell into th e trench.  A second portion of the excavation edge collapsed, striking and parti ally burying Employee #1.  Coworker #1, a self-employed equipment operator, manu ally dug out Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was t ransported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple rib fractu res, bruised kidneys, and elevated toxins in his blood.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on February 14, 2018, Employee #1 was removing a pipe testing plug from a pressurized equipment line while installing underground plumbing conduit. The employee was struck by the pipe testing plug, sustained multiple fractures, and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on June 23, 2015, Employee #1 was assembling a rebar wall when the rebar fell and crushed him.  Employee #1 suffered internal injurie s and died.
fall_nonfatal	On November 2, 2013, Employee #1, with Pacific Gas & Electric Company Dba G&E, and a coworker, were setting up portable spot lights to illuminate the inside of a vault. Employee #1 lost his footing and fell approximately nine feet three ins. inside the gas vault. Employee #1 sustained head and hip injuries and was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and underwent treatment for more than 24 hours.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on June 22, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an agricultural material handling and equipment company, was working at the site of an excavation.  He w as raking gravel at the bottom of the excavation when the excavation bench caved in.  The collapsing soil struck Employee #1's legs, and he fell backwards.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for two fractures to his left leg.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 25, 2016, an employee was moving towards a side boom's h ook to attach a choker sling. The employee tripped over the skids and dislodged the skid that was chocking the pipe. The employee was killed by a natural gas pi pe of 12 inch diameter steel pipe weighing 2,000 lbs.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on January 8, 2009, Employees #1 and #2 were installing highway signs. Upon arrival at the worksite, Employee #1 was assigned to erect a permanent highway sign and was told, by his supervisor, that the site where the sign was to be installed had a steep slope. The supervisor also suggested that Employee #1 get assistance from another coworker. Employee #1 then requested assistance from Employee #2, who worked for another supervisor; however, Employees #1 and #2 had worked together in the past. While Employee #1 installed the anchor posts at the location indicated by a pin flag, Employee #2 assembled the sign on the back of the truck. Employees #1 and #2 then carried the sign to the edge of the road, adjacent to the anchor posts, with Employee # 1 located near the roadside and Employee #2 on the downhill side. As they rotated the sign, it came into contact with the overhead power lines, rated for 12, 000 volts, but actually recording 5,400 volts. Both Employees #1 and #2 were electrocuted, causing third degree burns on their hands and feet. Employees #1 and #2 were taken to a nearby hospital, where they were hospitalized and treated for their injuries. The accident investigation determined that the ground under the power line had been raised when the road was widened. Also, the sign was slightly wider (14.7 feet) than the height of the power line (14.3 feet), which allowed for contact.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a painting contractor, w as engaged in exterior painting of two-story multifamily apartment buildings.  H e was using a Werner 24-foot extension ladder, Model # D1324-2, set on the groun d next to a balcony, and taping a facia of one of the buildings.  The ladder had been placed on an uneven surface among the plants and was not secured at the fo oting.  The ladder slipped to the right, and the employee fell.  He was transpor ted to the hospital, where he remained for seven days for treatment of a spinal injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 20, 2017, an employee was cutting with a table saw and str uck the dado blade with his left thumb.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on November 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a company specializin g in infrastructure repairs, was engaged in maintenance and repair work at a bri dge.  He was using a circular saw to cut a piece of wood.  The saw kicked back, and Employee #1's left index finger was cut.  He was transported to a medical ca re center, where he was treated for the cut.  He received outpatient medical tre atment for the injury until May 11, 2018, when medical professionals amputated t he fingertip.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on July 14, 2016, Employee #1 and a coworker were ins talling a sheet metal roofing system when a sudden thunderstorm popped up. They scrambled to cover the hole in the roof when Employee #1 was struck by lightning . Employee #1 died at approximately later on at 11:26 p.m.
fall_fatal	At 4:22 p.m. on April 21, 2022, an employee was working for a contractor hired t o install siding at a home. While working from the roof of the residence, he fel l onto the driveway and was killed.  Fire Department Medics reported that the em ployee was found unresponsive on the ground next to a ladder.
fall_fatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on August 27, 2016, Employee #1 was staging shingles on a steep slopped roof. He was wearing a harness but it was not tied off. He sl ipped and fell approximately 35 feet. Employee #1 received fractures to the base of his skull, ribs and chest and died.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on June 7, 2019, an employee was walking across the cement floor w hen he fell, striking his head on the floor.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 5, 2007, Employee #1 and his coworker/employer were finishing concrete when the coworker used a 24 ft handle to lift a concrete float over a concrete wall to Employee #1. The handle contacted a 20-kilovolt overhead line, and both Employee #1 and the coworker were knocked to the ground. Employee #1 sustained minor burns to his body, but did not require hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 20, 2021, an employee was standing on a loading dock.  T he employee attempted to jump from the loading dock to the paved surface below. The employee fractured his rib and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On March 26, 2007, Employee #1 and a coworker were using a JLG aerial lift with a 60 ft reach to raise an aluminum window frame. Employee #1 was inside the building and the coworker was in the boom basket, using the platform to support the frame. Employee #1 was grabbing the window frame when it contacted an energized primary utility line. Employee #1 was electrocuted and the coworker suffered an electric shock.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 9, 2015, a worker was working from a ladder to replace temperature relay switches. After replacing the relay switch on a loadbank #5, He began inspecting loadbank #6, which had 13.8 volts of current running through it. The worker was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 20, 2004, Employees #1, #2, and a coworker were installing a pump jack scaffold on the outside wall of a three-story building. Employee #1 was using both hand to push up over his head a 40 ft long by 11 in. wide Alum-A-Pole support. Employee #2 was holding the base of the pole on the ground with his left foot while he used his hands to pull up on the pump mechanism attached to the system. The coworker was on the roof with a rope tied to the end of pole and was pulling it up when a sudden gust of wind caused him to lose his grip on the rope. The pole fell backward, contacting a 35 ft high, 14,300-volt overhead power line that was 21 ft away. Employee #1 received a severe electrical shock that burned his face and hands and caused muscle damage to both legs. Employee #2 sustained hand and foot injuries when the electric current entered and exited his body. Both employees were med-flighted to Johns Hopkins Bayview Hospital in Baltimore, MD, for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	On February 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing work at a one-story residential building.  As he was installing roofing felt underlayment near the edge of the roof, he fell.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and tr eated for a fracture.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:15 a.m. on September 19, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker wer e performing framing carpentry work on a new commercial building under construct ion. It was both employees first day on the jobsite. At around 7:00 a.m., the em ployees arrived onsite and were instructed by their employer to bring their hand tools. The coworker asked workers around the site for help lifting his tools so that he would not have to hand carry the tools up the ladders. A company forema n for another contractor agreed to help the employees. He retrieved a JCB 507-42 all-terrain forklift that had a jobsite made box attached and lifted the tools to a third story window. Employee #1 climbed out of the window onto the box and began to hand tools to his coworker. As Employee #1 gave some of the tools to hi s coworker, the box shifted and Employee #1 lost his balance and fell from the e levated platform. Employee #1 fell approximately three-stories, striking the gro und and suffering blunt force trauma to his skull and neck that killed him. Empl oyee #1 was not wearing fall protection.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on July 29, 2022, an employee was struck and killed by a vehicle wh ile retrieving a vehicle from the side of the road.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 8, 2021, an employee worked from the ground level to cu t pieces of wood to then pass up to coworkers straightening and bracing seventy- foot long roof trusses. The trusses began to buckle and go out of plumb, then co llapse and fall with a domino effect. The employee was struck and killed by crus hing, blunt force injuries to the head and torso from the falling trusses.
fall_nonfatal	On March 22, 2017, an employee was making stucco mix. The employee got inside th e lift basket on the forklift to carry stucco mix to the work area.  The basket was unattached and fell off the forks, carrying the employee with it.  The emplo yee was hospitalized and treated for fractured cheekbone.
fall_fatal	At 4:36 p.m. on March 15, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction carpentr y company, was engaged in roofing repair work on a residential carport roof.  He was installing Oriented Strand Board (OSB) plywood for decking when he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported and admitted to the hospital for treatment of frac tured ribs and a punctured lung.  Employee #1 died from his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on February 1, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a structural steel co mpany, was working at a construction worksite.  He was tying a rebar cage that w as supported on a jack stand.  The jack stand collapsed, and the rebar cage fell and struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on April 29, 2016, a worker was manually removing floor boards from the second story of a barn that was used as a hay loft. As he stood on the exte rior edge of the loft to remove some floor boards, he fell 13 feet to a concrete surface below. He landed face first, suffering multiple fractures to his head, ribs, and face. The worker was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was determin ed to have died.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on May 15, 2017, an employee, who was the owner, was using a sciss or lift to perform plumbing work. As he was elevated to 26 feet, working on plum bing lines on the ceiling inside a commercial building, one of the lift's wheels rolled into a ditch. The lift fell to the side, ejecting the employee head firs t on to the concrete floor. A coworker, who was a subcontractor, observed the in cident and came to the employee's aid, as well as outside workers that heard the impact of the lift striking the concrete floor. Despite the immediate response, the employee was killed in the fall.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:20 p.m. on September 20, 2002, Employee was carrying an aluminum extension ladder that was extended approximately 24 ft 2-1/2 in. As he was moving, the ladder contacted a 7,200-volt, 24 ft 5 in. high overhead power line. Three coworkers were at the site; none of them witnessed the accident but they responded when they heard Employee #1 yell and saw the ladder fall. He was transported by ambulance to Lancaster General Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at approximately 12:50 p.m.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:45 a.m. on February 15, 2019, an employee was cutting a strip from a piece of plywood on a table saw and was using both hands to guide the material through the saw blade.  The employee's gloved right hand was pulled into the saw blade and he amputated his ring finger while partially amputating his middle finger. The employee had his ring finger reattached during surgery and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a siding contractor, was installing a Tyvek building wrap at a four-story multifamily residential bu ilding.  The scaffold platform on which he was working collapsed.  Employee #1 f ell, a fall height of 39 feet, and struck the concrete slab floor.  The employee was wearing fall protection, but it was not being worn or used properly and fai led to prevent the employee's free fall.  Emergency services transported the emp loyee to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries includ ing blunt force traumatic injury to his head.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:15 p.m. on September 29, 2021, an employee was heating up the side of the drill head where the internal threads were located. A highly modifi ed pipe wrench was used to hold the drill head in place.  The handle of the pipe wrench was placed under a raised right fork on a forklift to provide a stable b race to prevent the drill head from rotating. For some unknown reason, the handl e of the modified pipe wrench, weighing 70.2 lbs, became dislodged from under th e right fork on the forklift and impacted the employee on the left side of the h ead, around the left ear. The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On January 12, 2014, Employee #1 was installing the forward pin of the small ram on a loading dock leveler. The limit switch of the main ram was reenergized, which caused the ram to retract quickly. His left middle fingertip was caught and pinch between the connection clevis and the ram body, resulting in a fingertip amputation. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, where he received treatment and afterwards was then released.
caught_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on August 14, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was driving a trailer dump truck and delivering dirt to a job site.  He parke d the truck in a jackknifed position and began to lift the trailer in order to d ump the dirt.  The trailer overturned and fell onto the truck cab, crushing the driver.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on December 12, 2018, an employee was operating a JLG scissor lift. The employee was looking down at the ground as he moved the JLG scissor lift u pward. The employee was caught in between the toprail of the lift and the ceilin g.  The employee was killed by asphyxia due to chest compression.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 12, 2016, an employee was placing metal sheets when the bo ttom sheet moved creating an opening through the floor.  The employee fell throu gh a floor opening to concrete floor while covering the opening with two metal d ecking sheets 3 feet by 18 feet.The employee fell 39 feet 6 inches through the f loor opening. Employee landed on his side and then rolled over. The employee was awake and breathing when emergency responders arrived.  The employee later died .
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 7, 2017, an employee was reaching near the compound mite r saw blade to remove a piece of wood. The employee's glove got caught in the mo ving blade severing his right hand.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on March 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing repair work at a one-story residence.  He was removing shingl es from the porch shed roof when he came into contact with an energized resident ial power line.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 on May 19, 2020, two employees were working in a trench to install new sewer pipe. At some point, a boulder at the top of the trench fell in and struck both employees. Employee #1 died enroute to the hospital, and Employee #2 was k illed at the scene from their unspecified injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 25, 2018, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a con struction company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a new o ne-story commercial building.  Coworker #1 was operating a piece of construction equipment and using the bucket to move a concrete structure that was frozen to the ground.  Employee #1 was on the other side of the concrete structure and not visible to Coworker #1.  As Coworker #1 moved the structure, it struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hos pital.  He was admitted and treated for a dislocated and fractured hip.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 26, 2007, Employee #1 was working on a olive refrigeration case that he had serviced the previous work day and found reverse polarity in the wiring. He consulted his foreman and discussed the work schedule for the evening. The foreman directed him to fix the olive case, but did not explain to him that the electricity to the case must be de-energized. Employee #1 later stated that he was in a hurry and did not de-energize the 120-volt circuit to the case, and also that he used a non-insulated screwdriver to correct the problem. There was a wiring diagram inside the case that was available to Employee #1, but he did not use it. As he was working, he contacted the live wiring and was shocked, which caused him to quickly pull back his hand, lacerating his thumb on a metal part in the case. Employee #1 was transported by ambulance to the MedStar Washington Hospital Center in Washington, D.C., where he was received two stitches. He was released later that same evening.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 22, 2021, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contra ctor, was installing two LED light fixtures from the ceiling of an auto service shop.  He was working from the bucket of a Versa Lift aerial lift that was mount ed on the back of a bucket truck.  The employee was not using any form of fall p rotection.  As he leaned against the bucket door, the door opened, and he fell t o the concrete floor, a fall height of 12 to 15 feet.  The employee was transpor ted to the hospital and admitted for treatment of an open fracture of the left t highbone with an extreme rotation at the knee, and a severe laceration to the to p of his head.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 a.m. on July 20, 2018, an employee was cutting sealing material on roofi ng panels. The employee stepped on fiberglass skylight material which did not su pport his weight. The employee fell through the skylight and landed on a concret e floor. The employee sustained multiple injuries and died.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 12, 2014, Employee #1, employed by a structural engineering construction company herein designated Employer #1, was working as a lead laborer at a project where the employer had been subcontracted for construction of a swimming pool. Coworker #1, employed by Employer #2, another construction subcontractor at the site, was operating a Caterpillar Model 330DL with a 4-cubic yard bucket capacity excavator. This excavator was being used to dig the swimming pool. The site foreman was elsewhere on the site. As part of the excavation process, on the previous day, March 11, 2014, a 4,850-pound, 48-foot long waler (horizontal steel shoring member) had been placed in position and rested onto "chairs" (supporting brackets on a column for the waler) approximately 7 feet high. Two clamps were installed onto each of the "chairs" of the two columns to prevent the waler from moving/sliding. The waler was later determined to be on the wrong side of the excavation. The waler had to be removed from the west side of the excavation and placed onto the east side. Before this action could occur, the four clamps had to be taken off of the "chairs." On March 12, 2014, Employee #1 was on the bottom of the excavation making preparations to remove the clamps. Coworker #1, operating the excavator, pulled the waler off of the "chairs." The waler landed on Employee #1. Emergency services were called, and the San Francisco Fire Department responded. Employee #1 was transported to San Francisco General Hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractures of both femurs. At the time of this report, Employee #1 had undergone five surgeries. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by the San Francisco Fire Department on March 12, 2014. Cal/OSHA sent two engineers, who began their investigation on March 12, 2014. During the course of the investigation, interviews were conducted with the project superintendent, the safety director, Employee #1, and Coworker #1. No citation for a serious accident-related violation was issued to Employee #1's employer, because Employee #1 had not known that the excavator was to be operated and moved. However, Employer #2, the subcontractor whose employee was operating the excavator, was cited a serious accident-related violation as the creating employer. T8 CCR '1616.1 (o) requires that during lifting, there shall not be contact with obstructions. The operator swung (lifted) his boom to get another load of dirt. He did not realize that the slings were still attached to the waler. When he swung the boom, it pulled the waler off of the "chairs," and the waler landed on Employee #1. No other violations were cited.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 1, 2016, a truck driver was found unconscious next to a sem i-truck trailer he had been loading. Emergency services were contacted and he wa s transported by helicopter to a nearby medical center where he died the next da y as a result of severe head trauma. The incident investigation revealed that th e truck driver had been securing loads on the trailer with ratchet tie-downs and fell from the trailer, striking his head on the concrete surface below.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a construct ion company, was climbing an extension ladder in preparation for installing shea thing to a roof.  Employee #1 fell, from either the ladder or the roof structure , and struck his head on concrete.  He was transported to the hospital for treat ment of major head trauma.  Employee #1 died on June 28, 2019.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1 was performing exterior carpentry as part of a multifamily residential building construction project.  His employe r was a subcontractor on this multiemployer project.  Employee #1 was working fr om a 12-foot pick board of a scaffold as he installed rafters for a breezeway. He lost his balance and fell backwards off the scaffold to a cement slab on the ground below, a fall height of approximately 9 feet.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for a broken jaw and lacerations to the liver.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 24, 2019,  an employee was moving pallets.  While replac ing the fork extension, his fingertip was caught between the fork and the fork e xtension which cut off the tip of his middle finger on his right hand. The tip o f the employee's finger required amputation.  The employee was most likely hospi talized even though the record is not indicated as non-hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:40 p.m. on June 14, 2019, an employee, a truck driver, was working on the s ide of a road near a kale field ensuring that the load of product boxes was secu red and ready to transport on his truck and trailer. The employee was getting re ady to take his last load for the day when he noticed that a v-board was broken and out of place and he climbed up approximately 10 feet from the ground to try to fix the problem. The employee fell and landed on compact dirt and was hospita lized with injuries to his back and spinal cord.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on May 30, 2018, an employee was attaching RC channel to an overhea d truss.  The Baker scaffold he was standing on rolled into a hole in the floor and the scaffold tipped.  The employee fell from scaffold approximately 3.5 feet to the concrete floor.  The employee sustained a laceration to the scalp, broke n ribs and injured hip.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 24, 2003, Employee #1 and a coworker were switching generators in a building. The building lights worked but the rotation of the generator's motors was backward. Employee #1 decided to correct the rotation by changing two phases. He was trying to connect the phases when an electric arc occurred and he suffered second- and third-degree burns on his hands. Employee #1 was taken to Lancaster Community Hospital and then transferred to Sherman Oaks Burn Center, where he was hospitalized for two weeks.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 2, 2020, an employee dug soil in the yard of residential h ome. At some point, a Bobcat S70 Skid-Steer Loader operated in reverse struck th e employee. The employee was hospitalized for eight days to treat a dislocated s houlder, de-gloving injury to the left ankle, and other unspecified injuries to the lower legs. Five days after being discharged from the hospital, the employee suffered a cardiac arrest at home and died.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on April 18, 2016, an employee was tearing shingles from a roof whe n he fell 16 feet to the ground. He struck his head and died. The incident inves tigation revealed that the worker was not wearing fall protection.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:15 a.m. on May 23, 2017, Employee #1 was removing debris from top of a dump truck tailgate. As he descended from the tailgate, his ring becam e caught on the tailgate and degloved and partial amputated his left ring finger . Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment o n the finger amputation and was then hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 5:19 a.m. on February 4, 2016, an employee was standing behind a tractor trai ler that was in reverse-gear. The trailer crushed the employee against the loadi ng dock and he was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:06 p.m. on April 16, 2008, a crane operator was operating a Mobile Terex Crane, Model Number T340XL, Serial Number 51634, under overhead high voltage powerlines (12KV). The boom of the crane was extended to load K-rails to a flatbed truck while the portable light was off. As the crane operator was backing up the crane, the boom of the crane contacted the overhead powerlines and energized the crane. The crane operator jumped out of the cab and he grabbed a shovel and tried to put out the fire with dirt. The crane operator noticed that the rear section of the crane had also caught fire. The crane operator went to look underneath the crane on his hands and knees. Inadvertently, he made contact with the energized outrigger and collapsed. Employee #1 was also working at the site. After seeing what happened to the crane operator, Employee #1 tried to help him. As Employee #1 tried to drag the crane operator away from underneath the crane, he received a shock and sustained third degree burns and he was hospitalized for 17 days. Employee #2 was also working at the site to hook up the K-rails to the crane. Employee #2 also tried to put out the fire by throwing the dirt on the fire with his foot. Inadvertently he contacted the energized outrigger and received an electric shock and he was hospitalized for two days.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on February 14, 2017, an employee was working at a construction sit e of a four-story building. He was employed by a framing contractor who was serv ing as a sub-contractor at the site. The employee was working with his superviso r to install plumbing in a column that was located on the third floor of the bui lding under construction. As the employee was looking for a brace, he walked ove r a sheet of plywood that was covering a 12 foot by 12 foot opening and fell app roximately 20 feet to the level below. The employee sustained fractures to his p elvis, lower back, and left wrist, which he was hospitalized and underwent surge ry. The incident investigation revealed that the sheet of plywood was covering t he opening intended for a stairway shaft where a support beneath was previously removed the shifted before that of the employee.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:00 a.m. on January 3, 2020, an employee was cleaning the wor k area. A wood plank fell from the second story striking the employee in the hea d. The employee was hospitalized to treat these injuries.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on December 29, 2016, an employee was getting a disable vehicle ont o the bed of his tow truck. As the employee was getting a disabled vehicle onto the bed of the tow truck he was operating, he was struck by a hit and run vehicl e traveling on the interstate. The employee was killed in the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:05 p.m. on August 23, 2019, an employee went onto a roof to remove material s and debris. The employee attempted to lift a four-foot by eight-foot sheet of plywood lying on the roof. As the employee lifted one side and stepped forward t o stand the plywood up, the employee stepped into and fell approximately sixteen feet through a roof opening. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitte d to treat a foot fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:10 a.m. on October 3, 2018, Employee # 1 was making a delivery of paper or plastic from a company truck. He fell off the back of the delivery truck on the pavement. He sustained a broken pelvis and a fractured elbow. He was hospitalize d.
struck_fatal	At 6:50 p.m. on November 17, 2014, an employee was standing outside of his truck waiting for his trailer to be loaded with sugar beets, when he was struck and k illed by a vehicle.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, and a coworker, employed by an elevator company, were working at the multie mployer site of a commercial building renovation.  The coworker dropped a pressu rized carbon dioxide tank that weighed 6 pounds and measured 14 inches long by 5 inches diameter.  The tank's cylinder flew off and struck Employee #1's left le g.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 24, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project.  He was assisting in the p ositioning of a steel plate being moved by an excavator to the end of a concrete culvert.  The steel plate fell, striking Employee #1, who was killed as the res ult of crushing injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on January 13, 2022, an employee was installing sheeting on top of a roof and sidewall of a building. An excavator working below the aerial lift st ruck the aerial lift boom with the excavator stick. This strike caused the boom of the aerial lift to bounce up and down and side to side. The boom movement eje cted the aerial lift operator out of the basket. The aerial lift operator landed on the roof of the building, and then he slid down into a roof gutter. He was h ospitalized to treat broken ribs and a ruptured spleen.
fall_fatal	At about 8:50 p.m. on September 26, 2013, Employee #1, with Ads Logistic Services - Gaffney LLC, was placing product boxes on a warehouse storage rack (Aisle number: 12; sixth level). Employee #1 was using an order picker (8,834 pounds; Raymond Lifts 5600; Serial Number: 560-08-B8003). Employee #1 was standing on the elevated lift platform, which was about 35 ins. high, while attached by a harness. A coworker was operating a different piece of equipment (17,264 pounds; Raymond Lifts Swing Reach SB CSR30T; Serial Number: SB-08-01454), and struck the lift truck operated by Employee #1. The coworker was traveling at approximately six mph (maximum speed). Employee #1's lift tipped over, and both the lift and Employee #1 struck the concrete. Although properly tied off to the lift, Employee #1 died from blunt force trauma to the head on impact with the concrete floor. Diagnostic testing of the lifts by Raymond Lifts indicated they were both in proper operating condition at the time. A Forklift Training Program, which utilized classroom discussion, video, written test, and a practical skills test, was being followed, as required by the company. Both operators had been recently certified by the host employer (within the past four months) to operate the lifts they were driving. Operators' manuals were available on both lifts. Warehouse lighting was adequate in addition to overhead platform lights, headlights, back up lights, and flashing caution lights on the lifts. The radio-frequency guided lifts were not designed to be able to pass each other on the approximately six ft wide aisle but could travel on the same aisle, simultaneously. Both employees were provided to the host employer through a temporary staffing agency.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:51 p.m. on September 25, 2011, Employee #1 was working as a concrete finisher for a concrete contractor. He was at a construction area for the Highway 50 and Highway 99 connector in Sacramento, CA. Employee #1 was working with a concrete screed crew on the date of the accident. The crew members were applying a polyurethane coating to the concrete as it was smoothed, so that it could be finished with the screed. According to Employee #1 and his foreman, they were repositioning the screed, a 14 foot (4.3 meter) Razorback concrete truss screed) when the accident occurred. The foreman was position at one end of the screed or machine, operating it. He called to Employee #1 to help him move the machine a couple inches (a few centimeters). Employee #1 grabbed the winch reel or winch frame while the foreman raised himself from his operator position. As they were moving the machine, the winch started moving. Employee #'1s finger was caught between the winch reel and the frame he was holding onto. The finger was amputated, either at the scene or later. The narrative did not state whether the amputation was accomplished in a surgical setting or which finger was amputated. Neither employee was sure how the winch became activated. The employer stated that the hydraulic winch was constantly pressurized as long as the machine was running or in service. The workers powered the machine and winch from a separate piece of equipment, such as a Bobcat, which was used as an external hydraulic pump. The only way to completely deenergize the machine was to disconnect the hydraulic hoses, which the workers would only do when they were finished using the machine. The winch was operated by a large toggle switch at the operator's position at the end of the machine. It was used to pull the machine forward as it vibrated and smoothed the polyurethane-treated concrete. From information gained in the employer's accident investigation, the employer believed that the foreman must have leaned forward into the switch, activating the winch. According to the employer and the foreman, both the foreman and Employee #1 were experienced with and trained to use the screed. Employee #1, though, stated he did not use that equipment and was not trained to use it. He further stated that he did receive training on the equipment he did use and before the start of every new job. The Division was not provided with any equipment-specific procedures or training. The employer had an injury and illness prevention program (I2P2) containing the required elements. The employer, however, had failed to follow through with at least three sections, including training (documentation), job hazard analysis (documentation), and accident investigation.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 7, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a framing contractor, were working at a multiemployer construction site for a new three-story residential building.  The second-floor walls had not yet been rais ed, and the three employees were working on the second floor and performing wood framing.  An extension ladder extended from the first floor to the second floor .  Employee #1, employed as a fulltime payroll employee, fell, either from the s econd floor or from the ladder, a fall height of 10 feet.  His back and head str uck the first floor's concrete surface.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for his f all-related injuries, but he died the following day at the hospital.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 a.m. on November 7, 2021, an employee was assisting in operating a concr ete crushing machine.  The employee was pinned between a concrete slab and the m achine. The employee was killed and sustained fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:50 a.m. on July 2, 2018, an employee was climbing a fixed ladder before fal ling approximately 8 feet before striking the paved ground.  The employee lacera ted the back of his head and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on February 12, 2019, an employee was operating a table saw while c utting laminate material and his finger came into contact with the rotating saw blade, amputating his pinky and ring finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:20 a.m on June 27, 2003, Employee #1, a roof cutter for a framing contractor that built custom homes, was using a Makita beam saw to cut beams at a construction site in Newport Beach, CA. He asked his helper/coworker to unplug the saw so he could make adjustments. Employee #1 was working on the saw when it slipped from the work table. The coworker reached for the saw and accidentally clicked the ON/OFF switch to 'on', activating it. Employee #1's right hand became caught in the running saw blade and he sustained multiple open fractures to his middle, ring, and little fingers. The third finger was also partially amputated. Subsequent investigation revealed that the coworker had unplugged the wrong piece of equipment. Employee #1 had only worked for the company for two days before the accident.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engage in exterior carpentry work at a building site.  He was loading a pie ce of plywood onto a table saw when his glove caught on the saw blade and his ri ght little finger was lacerated.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the finger laceration.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 27, 2015, an employee was working in a single point boatsw ain chair which was located on the northwest side of a 110 foot high Horton Type Water Tower.  Several company-made boatswain chairs were located along the top rail of the guardrail and anchored by large open hooks.  The boatswain chairs us ed a block and tackle which required the user to tie a knot to the tackle portio n to secure the chair.  The employee was struggling to move the scaffold vertica lly and disconnected his vertical lifeline. The employee fell approximately 90 f eet to the ground when the hoist line for the boatswain chair broke and he was k illed by blunt force trauma to the head.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 24, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multiemployer building construction project.  He was on the roof when he stepped into a hole in the roof's surface and fell.  Emergency ser vices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admi tted and treated for multiple injuries, including a fractured hip/pelvis and a s hattered elbow, both of which required surgery, and a concussion.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on February 22, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a fra ming construction company, were engaged in framing work for a new multifamily re sidential structure.  Employee #1 was helping to raise a framed wall that measur ed approximately 8 feet wide by 16 feet high.  The framed wall slipped off the 8 -inch concrete slab and fell backward onto Employee #1, who sustained crushing i njuries.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple fractured ribs.
electrocution_fatal	On July 23, 2008, Employee #1 was operating a T75-2H/2 Hydraulic Bullwheel Tensioner (conductor stringing equipment), pulling electrical conductors at a field job site near Tonganoxie, Kansas. Employee #1 was standing on the platform at the operator's panel box; a coworker was on the ground next to Employee #1. Both employees noticed the electrical cables bouncing. Another coworker was working on a V- Grove machine when he noticed that the wire boat was uneven. Without warning, the T75-2H/2 Hydraulic Bullwheel Tensioner overturned on Employee #1, trapping him. Emergency Medical Services was called. A coworker unhooked the Digger truck from the V-Grove machine and lifted the Hydraulic Bullwheel Tensioner off Employee #1. CPR was administered until the emergency medical crew arrived. Employee #1 was killed due to crushing injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on March 30, 2009, Employee #1 returned from a lunch break and was working from the basket of an aerial lift to weld gussets on a steel I-beam. The I-beam was intended to support the third floor deck of a building under construction. As Employee #1 maneuvered the aerial lift's controls to telescope towards the building to continue work on the I-beam, he let go of the control toggle switch to stop movement. However, a failure occurred and the basket kept telescoping towards the building, pinning Employee #1 between the basket and the I-beam. A coworker activated the emergency stop button several times, finally stopping movement on the fourth or fifth try. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was hospitalized and treated for multiple fractures on both arms.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on October 7, 2019, Employee #1, the framing company owner (carpen ter), was installing a roofing truss system, during a commercial construction pr oject.  Upon delivery of truss bracing by truck-crane, Employee #1 unhooked the trusses from the crane rigging and after attempting to disconnect the truss memb er system from the crane rigging, the (12-to-15) roofing truss members then coll apsed onto Employee #1.  Employee #1 was then fatally struck, crushed and killed .
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on February 20, 2017, an employee was placing caulk o n the top plate of a wall for a modular home component. The employee was reachin g to caulk the top plate, when he slipped, and fell to the ground in the area be tween the catwalk and setback on the modular home. The employee suffered a punct ured lung and fractured ribs, collar bone and a toe injury. The employee was hos pitalized and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 3, 2017, Employee #1, part of a work crew employed by a co nstruction company, was working in a trench at a commercial building constructio n site.  He and his coworkers, in preparation for erecting a cinder block retain ing wall, were removing the trench's concrete protective walls.  One side of the trench collapsed, toppling onto and trapping Employee #1.  Emergency services w ere called and the fire department personnel were able to pull Employee #1 from the collapsed section of the trench.  They then transported him to the hospital. Employee #1 was admitted and treated for forehead lacerations, bruising, and t emporary loss of consciousness.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 3, 2017, an employee was installing corrugated roof pan els. The employee slipped on the roof panel and fell to the interior of the dair y barn under construction. He suffered broken neck and head injuries and was kil led.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 26, 2021, an employee was working as an operator of in dustrial trucks for a chain of supermarkets. She was working at a warehouse. She was operating an electric riding pallet jack, or tow motor. She was on the morn ing shift performing her regular duties as an order selector. She took her lunch break at 10:30 a.m. to about 11:00 a.m. Returning from lunch, she entered the w arehouse from the parking lot and boarded the same tow motor she had during the morning to drive to the time clock located near the shipping office. When she st arted the tow motor, she bumped into another parked tow motor. The throttle cont roller on her tow motor was malfunctioning. A coworker told her to get another t ow motor after she clocked in. She hopped back on the tow motor, put it in rabbi t mode (that is, high speed mode), and drove toward time clock on the open floor . Two other tow motors were in front of her, both approaching and slowing to ent er a one-way doorway. The employee was going too fast and unable to slow down, r eportedly due to the faulty throttle controller. She swerved left to avoid a col lision with the other tow motors and attempted to drive through another door, ma rked "do not enter," against opposing traffic. When she saw oncoming tow motor h eaded at her, she turned her tow motor into the center of the two doors, directl y into the yellow metal bollards between the doorways. She attempted to jump off her tow motor seconds before striking the metal bollard. Her leg was crushed be tween her tow motor and the center divider wall or bollard pole. She suffered a laceration in her lower right leg, with an open fracture of her right tibia. She was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on September 15, 2017, an employee was climbing a ladder and the la dder began to slide along the I-beam, causing the employee to fall approximately 12 feet.  The employee fractured his leg and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on February 9, 2013, Employee #1 was exiting the area in front of the conveyor belt at Motor B-16 (Baldor Motor, Model Number CSSWDM3546, Serial Number, 35S6T3R836) that he had been operating. The employee's arm was caught between the unguarded roller and the conveyor belt. Employee #1 was transported to St. Johns Regional Medical Center, where he was treated for fractures to his lower left arm and left upper arm. Employee #1 remained hospitalized for three days.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 28, 2019, an employee installed waterproofing on a roof. W hile working, a fire started in the building and the employee jumped from the ro of to escape. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat a con cussion and an ankle fracture.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on June 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as engaged in framing work for a new mixed-use building.  He was working on the second story and using a Hitachi NR83A2 Nailer  to nail a joist.  He attempted t o set the nail gun down by the airline when the nail gun swung and hit him in th e knee.  The nail gun discharged a 3-inch 16 penny twisted shank nail into his l eg.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the puncture wound.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on December 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working from an elevated platform and installing an eave strut for a new manufacturing plant.  He fell from the open side of the platform, a fall height of approximately 20 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was t ransported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured and lac erated leg and a collapsed lung.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on August 30, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers were engaged in the c onstruction of three single-family houses and tasked with framing work for the s offits.  Employee #1, without using fall protection, tried to access the roof of one building.  The roof was wet, and he slipped and fell, striking the second f loor sub-roof and then striking his head on the base of a scaffold being used fo r an adjacent building, a fall height of 23 feet.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment of a severe laceration to his head that required more than 20 stap les.
electrocution_fatal	On February 25, 2008, Employee #1 was driving a truck for the Isla Del Encanto Corporation, dispatching materials. The truck came into contact with a power line, and Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on March 13, 2018, an employee was operating a dump truck.  He had backed the dump truck into a site, dumped the dirt load, and was in the process of pulling forward when the raised dump bed caught a communication line. The em ployee drove the truck with raised dump bed for approximately 60 feet. Tension o n the line from the raised dump bed caused the pole to snap and the electric lin es to drop down onto the truck body.  No personal injuries occurred.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 18, 2021, an employee descended from a roof onto a two- inch by four-inch piece of lumber made as part of a landing to access he second- floor roof. When the employee's weight pressed against the board, it collapsed, and the employee fell approximately eight feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat a concussion.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 13, 2021, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contra ctor, was installing switch boxes to wire the apartments in a multifamily reside ntial building that was being constructed.  He walked into a room that looked cl ean and stepped over a nail on the floor.  Later, upon arriving home, he noticed blood on his right foot, which he thought was due to dry skin.  However, the na il apparently punctured the skin, and an infection developed.  The employee was hospitalized on January 17, 2021, for treatment of the infection.
electrocution_fatal	On July 14, 2016, an employee was working for a plumbing, heating, and air condi tioning contractor. He was sealing air ducts to prevent leakage. A coworker was ready to reenergize an air conditioning unit after its installation. The coworke r yelled clear! As he stood up, the employee grabbed a side of the air conditi oner. That side had an open panel. The employee sustained an electric shock. The current entered his left hand and exited his right knee. His right knee was in contact with a metal pipe. The employee was resuscitated at the scene. He was ta ken to a hospital, where he was placed in a medically induced coma. The employee was hospitalized for thirteen days before dying. He never awakened.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 21, 2015, an employee fell into a stairwell floor openin g when it was believed he was attempting to hand materials to the owner of the c onstruction company who was working from a ladder near the opening.  The fall di stance from the first floor to the basement floor below was about 10 feet. He st ruck his head on the floor and became unconscious.  He was transported to a hosp ital and put on life support.  The employee died on November 5, 2015.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on May 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s engaged in carpentry work at the site of a residential remodel.  He was operat ing a Skilsaw power saw and making a cut on the frame of a door opening.  The sa w blade hit a knot and kicked up, striking Employee #1's left index finger, whic h was positioned along the edge of the door frame.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for an avulsion injury to the finger's nail bed.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 23, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a dairy fa rm, were engaged in construction work at a building on the farm.  Employee #1 wa s holding onto a large steel truss.  His coworker was operating a telehandler/fo rk truck to move the truss.  The steel truss came into contact with an overhead power line transmitting 4,000 volts of electricity, and Employee #1 was electroc uted.
struck_fatal	On May 17, 2018, Employee #1 and two coworkers were at the end their break. Empl oyee #1 exited the back of the work truck and approached the driver's side to sp eak with his coworker who was sitting in the driver's seat. While the employee w as standing by the work truck, which was in a closed lane of traffic, he saw a s emi-tractor trailer truck coming towards him. Employee #1 attempted to run out o f the path of the truck, but the employee and the work truck were struck by the semi's trailer.  Employee #1 was killed as a result of being struck and dragged by the tractor trailer, sustaining extensive trauma to multiple parts of his bo dy. The two coworkers were not hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 plugged a 220 volt pressure washer into an outlet to begin washing down a wall in a bakery. The employee was later found by his supervisor lying on the floor, unconscious, and not breathing. Employee #1 had been electrocuted. Later investigation of the pressure washer and the 240 volt receptacle into which it was plugged revealed that the pressure washer was improperly wired, with a hot phase on its plug connected to the case of the machine. This energized the machine frame and other parts of the pressure washer and equipment in electrical continuity with the machine.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on March 13, 2018, an employee was walking from his parked truck wh en he was struck by a bobtail tractor trailer truck. According to the Pima Count y Medical Examiner's Office, the employee was killed from blunt force trauma to his head.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on April 10, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were engaged in steel framing for a manufacturing plant .  Employee #1, working from an aerial lift approximately 4 feet above the groun d, was assisting Coworker #1 to install steel door jams for overhead doors at th e building's south docks.  Coworker #2, who was installing a 3 by 3 by 20 1/4-in ch thick steel angle, was working from a second aerial lift approximately 30 to 40 feet above Employee #1.  Coworker #2 finished an initial tack weld and attemp ted to reposition his aerial lift.  The tack weld broke, and the steel member fe ll and struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  She was admitted and treated for multiple fracture s of the vertebrae, clavicle, and ribs.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 p.m. on September 22, 2014, a tow truck driver was dispatched to a site to assist a disabled motorist along a highway. While the tow truck driver used a winch to pull the disabled vehicle onto the flatbed of his truck, another vehic le collided with the tow truck. The collision caused the two truck driver to be thrown against the back of his vehicle cab and struck the winch supports. The to w truck driver was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 22, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a power line construc tion company, was installing a piece of 4-inch by 4-inch dunnage under a utility pole.  The utility pole slipped out of the excavator bucket and thumb.  It stru ck the dunnage, causing a piece of the dunnage to break off  and strike Employee #1, who was standing approximately 8 to 10 feet away.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and tr eated for a fractured left leg.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on August 31, 2021, two employees, both apprentice linesmen, were working on a 7,200-volt electric distribution line to restore power after a seve re summer storm. The employees were attempting to repair a downed power line bef ore isolating the live electrical source and were both electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 18, 2017, an employee was working to level the exterior wall panels of a structure. During work, the employee determined that bracing positi oned on the interior of the structure needed to be adjusted. As the employee was positioned on the first floor, 11.5 feet above the concrete basement, to make t he necessary adjustments, he stepped backwards into an uncovered opening. The op ening was intended to be a stairwell and measured 11.9 feet by 3.6 feet. The emp loyee fell 11.5 feet to the ground and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on March 14, 2017, an employee was removing tile fro m roof. He fell through a skylight and suffered major head injuries. He was hosp italized and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On September 27, 2002, Employees #1 and #2 were attempting to put a ladder on a house when it contacted a 7,200-kilovolt overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted and Employeee #2 suffered burns to his feet.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 a.m. on February 1, 2016 an employee was preparing to drop a loaded trai ler at the facility and pick up an empty trailer.  The employee a 65 year old, m ale truck driver, had parked at the facility. At some point, the employee exited the semi to perform a different task. The semi began to coast forward. The empl oyee attempted to get into the truck while it was rolling forward. The rolling s emi struck a parked trailer approximately 150' away. The employee was found pinn ed between the sleeper cab portion of the semi and a parked trailer. Emergency s ervices were summoned. The employee was pronounced dead on scene by the Coroner.
electrocution_fatal	Two power line workers were repairing a 7200-volt overhead power line that had been damaged by a storm. High winds from the storm took down a tree, and the falling tree broke the three phase conductors, which ran along a highway. After a job briefing, one of the two workers elevated himself in an aerial lift to cut the conductors at the cutouts on a utility pole. He discovered that the cutout for the middle phase was too close to the one on the eastern phase, and the second worker joined him in the aerial lift bucket to provide assistance. Both workers were wearing rubber insulating gloves without rubber insulating sleeves. The workers did not install any insulation on the phase conductors, jumpers, or cutouts. The aerial lift bucket was between the center and eastern-most phase conductors, and the conductors and cutouts were about chest high. After moving the cutout for the middle phase conductor, the employees hoisted all three phase conductors and the neutral, and then connected them. One of the power line workers unrolled the center phase jumper, which was energized, and connected it. Then, the two workers pulled on the eastern jumper to connect it. An electrical fault occurred, and both employees received electric shocks. The ensuing electric arc burned both workers. One of them collapsed into the bucket. The coworker also lost consciousness. The circuit recloser reenergized the line twice before deenergizing it. The first employee, was transported to a hospital, could not be revived, and was pronounced dead. The coworker was treated at a different hospital for electric shock and burns to both elbows. The employer had a full time safety director and provided training and personal protective equipment to qualified employees. A supervisor was on site at the time of the accident. (The original form did not list the nonfatally injured employee on an injury line.)
caught_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on July 26, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a pipeline construction company, were assigned to remove round bar risers from pipelines a nd replace them with marine board risers to limit corrosion and abrasion hazards .  Employee #1 rigged two pipelines to be elevated so that the round bar could b e cut off and replaced with marine board.  The employee put his hand on an outsi de pipe, and when the two rigged pipelines were elevated, they swung and collide d with his right hand.  His right middle finger was crushed.  The employee was t ransported to the hospital and admitted for treatment.  His finger required surg ical amputation.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 10, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a cons truction company, were working at the site of a road excavation.  Employee #1 wa s removing dirt from the curb area, and the coworker was operating an excavator. The excavator bucket struck Employee #1.  Emergency services transported the e mployee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple fracture s to his left leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on August 1, 2018, an employee placed a ladder on a rolling scaffo ld. At some point, while standing on the ladder, the scaffold tipped over and th e employee fell approximately twelve feet. The employee was hospitalized for fra ctures to the right leg and hip.
fall_nonfatal	On October 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was repairing t he roof of a two-story multifamily residential structure.  The employee, who was not using any form of fall protection, fell from the roof.  He sustained minor injuries that did not require hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 13, 2016, an employee was attaching a temporary single pha se electrical distribution line. While attempting to roll the power distribution line in order to pin the bells of the line, the employees body contacted the e xposed line and was electrocuted and killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 4, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in reroofing work at a one-story residence.  He was not using fall protection as he removed existing w eatherproofing material from the roof surface.  Employee #1 slipped and fell ove r the unprotected edge, a fall height of 9 feet, and struck his head.  He was tr ansported to the hospital, where he was treated for blunt force traumatic head i njuries.  The employee died at the hospital seven days later.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on October 12, 2016, an employee was plugging the electrical cord i nto the genset to get the generator started. As  he was standing on the back of the truck, the employee fell and hit his head on the asphalt. The employee was k illed in the fall.
struck_fatal	At 8:50 a.m. on September 30, 2021, an employee assisted with writing tickets fo r truck drivers waiting to be loaded with asphalt for road construction. After i ssuing a ticket to a driver, the employee walked to the rear of the truck to wri te other tickets. While standing behind the truck, the driver began to back up t he truck in preparation to position the trailer under the milling machine discha rge conveyer, struck and killed the employee due to blunt force trauma injuries received.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on December 26, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servic es company, was testing an electrical circuit at a commercial building.  An elec trical short circuit occurred between phases, which caused a 480-volt three-phas e arc blast/flash.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transpor ted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electrical injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 24, 2009, Employee #1 was cutting wedges from 2-in. by 4-in. lumber using a portable circular SkilSaw, Model Number 58719, Serial Number HG433356. Employee #1 positioned the lumber on the ground, using his left hand to hold the saw, when the saw jumped. Employee #1 amputated his left thumb. Employee #1 was transported by a coworker to Huntington Memorial Hospital, where he was hospitalized and had his thumb reattached. The employer was cited for a regulatory violation of CCR 342(a) - Not reporting serious injury involved occupational accident to Division of Occupational Safety and Health.
caught_nonfatal	On February 13, 2009, an employee smashed his hand between a rack and the tow motor he was operating. He received several stitches to his hand. The employee was treated and released at the hospital the same day.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 31, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a pipelin e construction company, were engaged in pipeline installation work for a sewer/w ater treatment plant.  Employee #1 was inside a 3-foot to 4-foot trench and guid ing a 30-inch reinforced concrete pipe from the west end.  His coworker was oper ating a Case cx80c trackhoe with a 12-foot nylon lifting strap attached to the e quipment's boom.   The boom of the trackhoe lost power, and the arm swung west 3 feet, pinning Employee #1 between the trench wall and the pipe.  Employee #1 wa s transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a lacerated liver an d internal bleeding.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a heating/air conditioning/plumbing c ompany, was troubleshooting a commercial air conditioning and heating unit.  Whi le removing a relay, he came into contact with 480-volt live electrical parts an d was shocked.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for electric shock plus burns and scraps to his hand.
caught_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 3, 2019, Employee #1 and a Coworker were part of a road re pair crew engaged in paving work.  Employee #1 was operating the controls on a R oad Tec Milling Machine, Model Number RX900E-3-2006, Serial Number RAM00135.  Hi s coworker was operating a Bobcat Compact Skid Steer, Model S590, Product Identi fication Number AR9R20948.  The coworker was backing up the skid steer when Empl oyee #1, whose back was to the skid steer, became pinned between the two machine s.  Employee #1 was killed when his chest was crushed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on December 9, 2011, Employee # 1, a full- time lineman, was working for Diversified Utility Services, Inc. New underground cable was being pulled at a construction site for new Mission Apartments. A puller was at one end and a reel cable was at the other end. Employee #1 was in a hole in front of the reel cable to ensure that the 0.5 in. steel cable was moving unobstructed through the conduit. One of the lugs on the cable got snagged on the edge of the conduit, causing the cable to tense up. Employee #1 leaned down to look into the duct to see why the cable stops moving. The cable jerked up and struck him in the hardhat, knocking him over. Employee #1 was transported by ambulance to UCSD hospital, where he was treated for head injury and observed for two days. The accident was reported by the San Diego Fire Department to DOSH at 4:16 p.m. on December 9, 2011. .
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 11:58 a.m. on February 23, 2017, Employee #1 was loading a tree , approximately 45 to 50 foot long, into a chipper.  The tree was loaded into th e chippers chute and the chute gave way and the tree sprung and struck Employee #1.  Employee #1s pelvis was fractured in five spots and he was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 9, 2018, an employee was working from an extension ladder t o clean and prepare building fascia boards for painting. The ladder was set onto soft ground that created unstable conditions and as the employee climbed the la dder, the ladder began to tip to its right side and the employee fell sixteen fe et. The employee was hospitalized for multiple rib fractures.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on March 14, 2022, an employee was using a ladder to install wood s trips for siding.  The employee fell from the ladder to concrete, sustaining hea d and body trauma.  The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 1:06 p.m. on January 10, 2017, Employee #1 was cutting and remo ving sections of an older roof system. As he was working, he lost his footing/ba lance and fell through a hole opening in the roof. Employee #1 sustained multipl e injuries in the fall, including six fractured bones to the right side of his r ibcage, a compression fracture to the T12 vertebral section of his spine, traver se process fractures to the L1 through L5 vertebral sections of his spine, pneum othorax (collapsed lung) with chest tube; and, subarachnoid-hemorrhage (bleeding between the brain and the tissues that cover the brain). Employee #1 was transp orted to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized .
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on November 27, 2018, an employee was installing flashing and walke d off of the scissor lift, fracturing both heels of his feet when he struck the concrete floor.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on February 13, 2015, Employee #1 was rolling out barbed wire and s haking out kinks in a strand of barbed wire. The employee accidently stepped bac k onto an electric fence. Employee #1 was killed by electrocution.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a company that ins talled various highway safety devices, was working at a multiemployer highway co nstruction project.  He was repairing pole lighting after a hurricane.  Employee #1 came into contact with 480 volts of electricity.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for electric shock and burns.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 5, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was part of a work crew building a rockery wall.  He was directing the loader operator and observing road traffic.  A pine tree fell down from above the rocke ry wall, first hitting the wall and then hitting Employee #1.  Emergency service s were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was adm itted and treated for an ankle injury.  Surgery was required to repair his Achil les tendon.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 a.m. on June 22, 2006, Employee #1 was working as an equipment operator on the loading dock of the LA Corr Packaging company warehouse. LA Corr Packaging has been making corrugated paper sheets for about seven years at a facility in Industry, California. A 53-foot-long freight truck had arrived at midnight, and upon his arrival, the truck's driver had secured the truck to loading dock Number 25 with a dock hook by means of a remote electrical control. When he was ready to leave, he actuated the remote control to release the hook. Once he got to his truck, he saw that the hook had not released and that his truck could not move forward. Employee #1 was standing inside near the edge of loading dock Number 25, looking down to see if the dock hook was hitched to or released from the freight truck. As he was positioned there, the truck's driver moved his truck backwards a few inches, pinning Employee #1's head against the dock wall. Employee #1 sustained a skull fracture. He was hospitalized for 3 days. Employee #1 stated during interview that the green "go" and red "stop" signal lamps on the control panel were not glowing that night, as the bulbs were broken. The bulbs had not been functioning for about 6 months.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 p.m. on August 27, 2021, an employee operated a JLG boom type aerial lif t across two lanes on an active highway at night. While crossing, two semi-truck s with trailers struck the employee and aerial lift and killed the employee.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on May 15, 2015, an employee was assisting coworkers performing woo d framing for a house.  The employee fell while climbing a ladder to bring bottl es of water to the coworkers on the second level of the home.  The employee suff ered a fatal head injury with contact to the basement concrete floor.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 18, 2015, an employee was working at a pulp and paper mill. She was riding the lead end of a railroad car as it was being moved into a warehouse. The railcar was too high for the entrance to the warehouse. The top of the railcar struck the awning to the warehouse, and the awning began to colla pse. The employee jumped from the lead car to avoid being hit by the falling awn ing. When she hit the ground, she rolled under the car. Her body was severed. Sh e was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was working on the roof of a commercial warehouse.  He was removing damaged section s of roof.  A piece of roofing material that he was pulling broke off, and Emplo yee #1 stumbled backwards and fell through a skylight to the concrete floor, a f all height of 30 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to an arm, r ibs, and back, and a head laceration.
electrocution_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on June 26, 2007, Employee #1 and Employee #2, his brother and the company owner, were installing leveling rods in the foundation of chicken houses under construction. Weather conditions were clear with clouds moving in from the northeast and west. The immediate construction site was a 3-acre, level area located in the middle of a large agricultural section, with the closest elevation approximately 500 yards to the north. Employee #2 stated that he and his brother, Employee #1, were kneeling to put in the rods, when he heard about two rumbles of distant thunder. The next thing he recalled was being picked up by two of his workers and seeing his brother on the ground and unresponsive. Both employees had sustained an electric shock from a lightning strike in the vicinity. They were transported to the hospital, where Employee #1 died at approximately 7:55 a.m., on June 29, 2007. Employee #2 was released from the hospital on that same day.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 a.m. on August 6, 2018, an employee was standing in the parking lot tal king with a co-worker when he was struck by a tractor trailer pulling into a par king space and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on February 24, 2018, an employee and a coworker were moving a meta l cabinet, measuring 2 feet wide by 7 feet tall by 16 feet long, using two dolli es. As they worked to fit the cabinet through a doorway, it fell on top of the e mployee.  The employee suffered severe crushing injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on January 13, 2017, Employee #1 was exchanging keys for heavy equi pment with the site foreman next to the excavation area.   After exchanging keys with the site foreman, Employee #1 began crossing the street to move a piece of equipment on the opposite side of the street that was obstructing the travel pa th of a dump truck.  The dump truck was backing up to reload and Employee #1 cro ssed into the path of the dump truck as it backed up.  Employee #1 was struck by the dump truck while trying to maneuver out of its travel path after realizing his proximity to the dump truck. Employee #1 fell to the ground after being stru ck.  Employee #1 was not ran over by the wheels but struck and drug by underlyin g components of the vehicle.  The truck stopped after the driver saw Employee #1 lying in front of the vehicle.  Employee #1 was hospitalized with head trauma a nd later died.
struck_fatal	At 11:27 a.m. on August 5, 2021, an employee worked in an excavation to pack dow n soil while a coworker operated an excavator at the edge of the excavation. At some point, the soil under the excavator collapsed and the excavator fell into t he excavation onto the employee. The employee received crushing injuries to the abdomen and pelvis and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on March 20, 2015, an employee was cutting the guardrails of the w ing wall. The employee cut the guardrail to which he was tied off to and it pull ed him towards the ground. The employee sustained a concussion to his head due t o the impact of the fall.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 15, 2022, an employee was working from the roof of a new commercial building while installing HVAC equipment for the construction projec t. While preparing to install a piece of equipment through the roof, the employe e slipped on the icy roof material surface and fell 21 feet through the roof to the concrete floor.  The employee suffered a shattered tibia and fibula above th e ankle, requiring hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 18, 2017, Employee #1 was on a flatbed trailer, guiding a forklift operator into a load of steel. The load fell off of the forks, bounce d, and struck the employee. He fell to the ground from the flatbed trailer, and dislocated his neck at the cervical vertebrae. Employee #1 was hospitalized and surgery was performed.
caught_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on December 8, 2020, an employee was operating a forklift when an u nstable 2,000 pound load of glass fell from the forklift and pinned the employee between the load and the flat bed of a truck. The employee suffered blunt force trauma which killed him.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 9, 2018, Employees #1 and #2 and a coworker, employed by a c oncrete company, were engaged in foundation work at a multiemployer construction project, a new one-story commercial building.  Employees #1 and #2 were setting forms to be used to build the building's foundation.  Their coworker was operat ing a backhoe being used to dig foundation footings.  The coworker was transitio ning from driving the backhoe to operating the backhoe bucket.  This required th e machine's transmission be in neutral.  However, the transmission was not shift ed to neutral.  As the coworker faced the backhoe's rear and throttled up the ma chine, the backhoe moved forward and struck Employees #1 and #2, who were workin g in front of it and were not visible to the rear-facing coworker.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital.  B oth were admitted and treated for leg fractures.
caught_fatal	On September 3, 2009, Employee #1 was disassembling a lattice boom on a crane. He positioned himself underneath the boom, which had been layed down, and knocked the securing pins out. The boom fell on him, crushing and killing him.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 4, 2021, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a mobil e water pump drilling and maintenance company, were loading a water pump that we ighed approximately 1,000 pounds onto a pickup truck.  They were using the derri ck mounted on the main rig, cables and pulleys.  During this process, which invo lved guiding the water pump by hand, Employee #1 put his gloved hand in front of a pulley.  As the pulley was operating, his gloved right ring finger was pulled into the pulley, resulting in a laceration and partial amputation.  The employe e received medical treatment for the partial amputation but was not hospitalized .
fall_fatal	On June 29, 2016 a coworker was instructed to cut out and move a stanchion and w ire rope guard rail on the 7th floor of a UVM campus dormitory under constructio n.  The area was then danger taped off.  At 6:30 a.m. on June 30, 2016, an emplo yee was sent to the 7th floor to place boards on scaffold outriggers to protect masons on a lower level from drywall operations taking place above. The employee had not started this work and it did not require him to be in the area from whi ch he fell.  Employee crossed over into the danger taped off area, to a point on the northeast side where the fall protection had been disabled, and fell from t hat area 72.5 feet to the ground and was killed.  Initial autopsy report is blun t force trauma to entire body resulting in death.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 4:45 a.m. on June 16, 2016, an employee was welding support bra ckets to the frames of a  module. The module iwas constructed of aluminum.  Most likely, the employee was conducting activities related to rolling back his MIG welding systems at the end of his shift.   The employee made contact with an ene rgized conductor and was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 11, 2019, an employee was performing maintenance on a dump truck with the bed raised. The employee was killed when the bed came down and c rushed him against the truck frame.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:40 p.m. on December 20, 2017, an employee was using a gang nail press to c onnect lumber.  During operation, the employee's pinky finger became caught in t he back stroke of the press, amputating it. As a result, the employee was hospit alized and received treatment for his injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 p.m. on October 25, 2018, an employee was unloading live chicken cages from the trailer when he was struck by a forklift and fractured his left leg.  T he employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	On January 14, 2010, Employee #1, a temporary employee, was assigned to work at a distribution warehouse, where he was operating a pallet jack. While Employee #1 drove the pallet jack to pick up some pallets, he had to maneuver around some freight containers. As he maneuvered the jack to avoid the freight containers, he drove too close to the wall of the warehouse and got his right hand caught between the pallet jack steering handle and the steel guard post of the warehouse wall. Employee #1 sustained a fracture to his right hand.
fall_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on June 11, 2020, an employee was walking on top of a reinforcing s teel perimeter beam when he lost balance and fell, head first, twelve feet. The employee was killed by severe head trauma.
electrocution_fatal	On September 14, 2006, Employee #1, of Marlin Lighting, LLC, was using a Baker scaffold to install a new fluorescent light at a pharmacy-convenience store. He received an electrical shock that caused him to fall from the scaffold onto the top of a shelf and then to the floor. Employee #1 was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 22, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction com pany, was working at a building jobsite.  He was using a table saw to cut wood p ieces for flooring.  Employee #1 removed the table saw's guard and attempted a d ifficult cut.  The saw grabbed the wood board and pulled the board and Employee #1's thumb into the saw blade.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation of his right thumb.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on February 16, 2018, an employee was working on a flat roof, remov ing and replacing roofing materials. The employee fell through the roof approxim ately 25-30 feet, striking the ground below, and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on May 3, 2017, an employee was walking along the side of an unprot ected precast beam. The employee attempted to surpass the 30 foot maximum length of the self retractable lanyard. The employee was pulled off the edge of the un protected beam.  The employee fell 19 feet to a concrete surface. The employee s ustained face lacerations, bruises, and a fractured wrist and fractured neck.  T he wrist fracture required surgery.
electrocution_fatal	Two siding installers were replacing the siding at a duplex residential unit. A 7,200-volt overhead power line ran near the residence. The power line was 2.1 meters from the residence and 7.1 meters above the ground. The workers began erecting the scaffolding system. The owner of the siding company delivered an aluminum pump-jack scaffolding system to the site and then left to pick up the siding material. Aluminum poles that were about 7.3 meters long formed the vertical supports for the scaffold. To raise the poles into position, one the workers (Employee #1) held the base of a pole while the other employee (Employee #2) walked the pole up, hand-over-hand, until it reached a vertical position. As they were raising the second pole, it contacted the power line. Emergency medical services transported both workers to a hospital, where Employee #1 later died. Employee #2 was hospitalized for an electric shock and burns to his hands and feet. The employer had not trained the employees.
fall_nonfatal	On September 16, 2013, Employee #1, a journeyman carpenter, and Coworker #1, both employed by Flatiron West, Inc., were working on a below grade canal wall. They were engaged in forming work, hanging pilaster panels. Employee #1 was standing on an epoxy-coated dowel while anchored to a similar open-ended dowel above him. As Coworker #1 passed him a sledgehammer, Employee #1 lost his footing. Employee #1's restraint slid off the anchor, and he fell to the concrete surface 5 to 6 feet below. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured leg. The employer reported this injury to Cal/OSHA on September 17, 2013. The subsequent investigation determined that the employer was a general engineering contractor involved in highway, street, and bridge construction. Employee #1 was directly employed by the employer. The causal factor in this event was that the anchor point used by Employee #1 was not secure. It had an open end from which a worker's fall restraint device could slide off.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 3, 2016, an employee was apparently walking while holding on to a 480 volt SO Cord that was energized.  He had partially disassembled the plu g prior to this through the use of an allen wrench and screw driver.  There were no witnesses.  The coroner responded to the scene following the accident. The c oroner determined that the employee was walking towards a fixed flight of stairs .  The employee reached for the metal stair railing with his left hand while hol ding on to the energized, flexible cord with his right.  The employee was electr ocuted and killed.  Burn marks were found on the palms of both hands.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on November 19, 2018, an employee was ascending an extension ladder while carrying a metal sheet to install it on the roof. The employee was near t he top of the ladder when he lost his balance and fell eight feet. The employee was hospitalized for a back fracture.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:16 p.m. on November 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was framing the roof at a multiemployer construction project, a single famil y residential structure.  Carrying a nail gun, he climbed up a 6-foot A-frame la dder inside the house to nail part of the roof structure.  As he prepared to cli mb down, the nail gun activated, and a nail shot into his neck.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported and admitted to the hospital. The puncture wound required surgery
caught_nonfatal	At 9:34 a.m. on June 12, 2018, an employee was hooking a chain to an excavator b ucket when it moved toward the right side of a bulldozer and pinned his leg betw een both equipment pieces.  The employee was hospitalized with a fractured right leg.
fall_fatal	At 5:39 p.m. on June 23, 2021, Employee 1 and Employee 2 worked from a outrigger scaffold to frame the facia of a building. At some point, the employees fell ap proximately twenty-five feet when the scaffold collapsed, Employee 1 was killed, and Employee 2 was hospitalized with a nose fracture and injuries to the left k nee and foot.
struck_fatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on November 10, 2014, an employee was constructing a n outside staircase. A concrete wall collapsed and struck the employee. The empl oyee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 3, 2012 an employee was installing a mounting arm for a cat tle spraying apparatus. The employee, a construction contractor, was finishing t he installation of a sprayer arm for pest control at the cattle chute, working w ith Coworker #1, a sub contractor that designs these systems. The crowd gate to control cow movement had been down for the previous hour. A farm Coworker #2,  w ho had recently arrived at work that day, motioned to the employee that she was starting up the cattle gate. The employee acknowledged Coworker #2's motion, but it is not known whether the employee understood.  The employee was not on the l adder at the time, when the cattle gate was started up to be sent toward the bac k of the pen when farm employee heard an exclamation from the area where the emp loyee had been working. The cattle gate was stopped. Coworker #2 looked toward t he gate and saw the employee on the ladder by the carriage, which prompted Cowor ker #2 to push the emergency stop for the gate. The employee then slumped to the floor, where he was attended to by the other subcontractor, who was loading up the truck to leave. The employee had become caught between the carriage for the cattle crowd gate and the post, where the spray arm was being installed. The car riage rode on rails approximately 6 feet above the barn floor, and above the hol ding pen fence.  The carriage passed within inches of the post. The employee was killed as a result of crushing injuries to the head and neck.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 10, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as replacing the roof on a flat-roofed commercial building.  He was removing roo f curbs (unused equipment enclosures) and replacing them with aluminum cover pan els.  Employee #1 fell through a floor opening that measured 4 feet by 4 feet. He landed on a carpeted, unpadded concrete surface, a fall height of 23 feet.  E mployee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On February 27, 2008, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician with Farnham Electrical Company Inc., was installing a circuit breaker into an electrical panel. While installing the breaker in the energized 108 volt panel, there was a blast. Employee #1 was hospitalized for an electric shock.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:55 p.m. on February 23, 2022, an employee and coworker installed beams and joists while working from the top plate of a sixth story building. At the same time, a crane (Peiner SK 415-20 Fixed jib tower crane) hoisted two beams, each w eighing approximately three hundred and ninety-six pounds, using two sixteen-foo t Tuflex LiftAll polyester round slings (Serial#1832288-3 and 1810156) and conne cted to a ten-foot wire rope bridle using two hooks (LBK-13-10) attached to the crane block. As the load was moved, the slings slipped and caused the beams to s lip, swing uncontrollably, and strike the employee who then lost balance and fel l approximately nine feet. Coworkers found the employee unconscious and emergenc y services were called. The employee woke a short time later in pain and was tra nsported by ambulance to the hospital. The employee was hospitalized to treat fr actures to two vertebrae, manubrium (sternum), and two ribs.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on February 5, 2018, an employee was on top of a 9 foot wooden fram ed wall in a building that was under construction and was nailing braces on the top portion of the wall to the plumb wall.  The employee turned to nail the next brace, lost his balance, and fell from the wall to the floor, landing on top of his hammer.  The employee was hospitalized with lower back pains and a sprained left hand.
fall_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on October 3, 2014, an employee was working on the bed of the crane truck to deliver a bank of four compressed natural gas cylinders for gas line m aintenance. The employee was using a crane on the truck to remove the bank from the bed of the truck. The employee fell 50 inches from the truck, sustained brai n damage, and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on August 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contract or, was engaged in power line transmission work at a multiemployer job site.  He had been working from a bucket lift attached to a boom truck.  Employee #1 lowe red the bucket lift to its resting position on the back of the truck and exited the bucket.  As he climbed down, he slipped and fell from the truck, a fall heig ht of 8 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for neck injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:30 pm on December 21, 2006, Employees #1 and #2 and coworkers were disassembling a pump jack scaffold. Employees #1 and #2 were holding one of the scaffold poles when the foreman, who was on the roof, removed the pole brace. They lost control of the pole and it struck a 24.4 ft high, 7,200-volt conductor of a three-phase, 12,470 Wye system. Employee #1 was electrocuted and Employee #2 sustained serious injuries, for which he was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 28, 2017, an employee was standing outside his truck wh ile putting on his personal protective equipment when he was caught between his truck and an excavator.  The excavator was carrying a section of pipe up a hill and started to slide downhill at an angle going towards the employee's truck.  T he employee was struck by the pipeline before the excavator struck the truck and he fell to the ground.  The employee was killed at the scene from crushing inju ries.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on February 21, 2014, an employee was working alone pumping milk in to his truck at a farm site. The truck was parked on a hill sloping down towards the barn with the rear end five feet away from the building. The truck with mil k weighed approximately 55,700 lbs. During pumping, the truck was left running a nd the parking brake was applied. Once the pumping was complete, the employee we nt behind the vehicle to disconnect the power cord and the milk hose attached to the barn. The employee was in the process of storing the milk hose, when the tr uck slid down the hill. The employee was crushed between the back of the milk tr uck and the barn.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on December 2, 2005, Employee #1, #2, and #3 were constructing a 250,000-gallon water tank. Employee #3, superintendent, was operating a 28-ton Grove rough terrain crane to lift sheets of steel. Employee #2 was assisting Employee #1, holding onto the steel plates. The boom contacted an 14.3-kilovolt conductor. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2 received an electric shock. Employee #3 received burns to his right hand and chest and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 14, 2003, Employee #1, of Lyon Electric, was performing his duties when he received an electrical shock and was killed. NOTE: Original Investigative Report indicates "No Jurisdiction," and provides no information about injuries or whether the employee died.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 10, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a welding company, wa s rigging a horizontally placed column in preparation for its erection.  As Empl oyee #1 was working between the column and a vertical open web girder, measuring approximately 50 feet by 4 feet, the girder overturned. Employee #1's leg becam e pinned between the girder and the column.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital where he was admitted and treated f or a leg fracture.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 4, 2019, an employee was cutting a piece of OSB with a table saw and struck his right hand's thumb against the saw blade, amputating th e tip of his finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:45 p.m. on June 17, 2015, Employee #1 was unloading construct ion material to be recycled using a truck and trailer. Front-end loaders were be ing used and Employee #1 stepped wide into the path of a front end loader and wa s run over and Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on April 24, 2018, an employee was changing an elbow pin in an unde rground electrical transformer. The employee was holding an electrical line and was shocked. Electrical current traveled through the employee's right hand and l eft foot. The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on June 15, 2022, an employee was walking outside of his vehicle w hen he tripped into oncoming traffic.  The employee was killed as a result of cr ushing injuries when he was struck by an oncoming motor vehicle.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working on the roof of a residential building.  According to the subsequent i nvestigation report, he may have been standing on a wood board attached to roof jack brackets at the roof's eave edge when the wood broke loose.  Employee #1 fe ll, a fall height of 25 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuri es, including injuries to the head, neck, lower back, lungs, and liver.  His col larbone required reconstruction.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 2, 2018, an employee was working on a rig's floor and con nected a nylon sling to a pipe measuring tool to lift and lower the tool where i t was needed.  The employee manually lifted the tool which snared the carrier an d caught his finger in the sling.  The employee amputated his fingertip and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 7:35 p.m. on September 16, 2013, Employee #1, a solar panel installer with Solar Service Center Inc., was cutting solar panel tracks on a residential roof about 9 ft above grade level. Employee #1 lost his balance and fell about 9 ft to the concrete sidewalk below. Employee #1 was hospitalized with a compound fracture to his left wrist.
fall_fatal	At 4:38 p.m. on February 3, 2021, Employee #1 was standing on a platform to inst all exterior siding on a residential construction site. He was killed when he fe ll off the platform to the lower level injuring his head.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 7, 2017, an employee was transferring his personal belongi ngs from a parked truck that was scheduled for service to a loaner truck. The em ployee was later discovered by a coworker lying face down on the ground in betwe en the cabs of the two truck. The employee was transported to Riverside Communit y Hospital where he was hospitalized and underwent surgery to repair a deep tiss ue injury to his head. However, the employee died on June 9, 2017. The evidence and information gathered during the investigation gave no indication as to the c ause of death.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, wa s working at the construction site for a new two-story residential structure.  H e was standing on top of the first floor framing and unstrapping a bundle of tru sses when the trusses slipped.  As the trusses began to fall, they caught Employ ee #1's foot, and he fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for a knee injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 5, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1, #2, and #3, employ ed by a construction company, were at the construction site for a three-story mu ltifamily residential building.  Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2 were engage d in erecting and securing an exterior metal scaffold.  Coworker #3 was their su pervisor.  According to subsequent statements from Coworkers #1 and #2, Employee #1 was working alone on the upper levels of the scaffold.  He was tying braces near a corner of the structure.  Employee #1 fell from the third level of the sc affold, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  No one witnessed his fall, and he did not remember the circumstances.  After falling, he rose and walked into t he first level garage, where Coworker #3 found him.  Employee #1 was bleeding an d incoherent.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis, four fractu red ribs, a collapsed lung, a laceration to his liver, and head lacerations that required staples.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on June 13, 2005, Employee #1 was assigned by the employer to install stainless steel kick plates on prehung exterior doors in the building. Employee #1 was using a Makita 14.4-volt cordless drill (Model No. 63370; Serial No. 519429A) and a cordless screwdriver. He had ZTEK model clear plastic safety glasses with an ANSI Z87.1 impact-resistant rating, but he was not wearing them at the time of the accident. Employee #1 was kneeling on the ground and hunched over so that his left shoulder was on or near the ground. He was holding the drill in his left hand, trying to keep the drill bit level and at a right angle to the door as he drilled the bottom row of holes into the door for the kick plate installation. As he was drilling the last hole at the inside corner, the drill bit broke in half, and the sharp end of the drill bit flew into his left eye, puncturing it and causing corneal damage. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on March 25, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a framin g contractor, were engaged in the construction of a new residential building.  T hey were assigned to cut an excess L-shaped wall measuring 1 foot high by 16 fee t long.  Employee #1, working from an extension ladder, used a Milwaukee Sawzall saw to cut the short portion of the wall and then continued holding the wall, w hich was not otherwise supported or braced.  The coworker, standing on an 8-foot A-Frame ladder, used a DeWalt reciprocating saw to cut the long portion of the excess wall.  As the coworker was completing his last cut, his saw bound up, and the wall shifted.  The wall struck Employee #1's head, causing him to fall from the ladder, a fall height of approximately 5 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured wrist susta ined in the fall.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on July 31, 2004, Employee #1, a field technician for Temp Power Systems, and a coworker were rerouting power lines at a construction site in Chula, CA. Employee #1 was on a ladder, transferring power on top of a pole, when he contacted a 220-volt overhead power line and was electrocuted. He then fell to the ground. The company provides low-voltage power at construction sites.
caught_nonfatal	On June 2, 2012, Employee #1, employed by St. Francis Electric, Inc., San Leandro, CA, was working at the San Francisco Airport, San Francisco, CA. He was working on a new job assignment given him by his foreman, to operate a Davis Fleetline 70+4, also known as a Hydraulic Core Drill Machine or T-70 Davis Trencher. His task was to bore holes up to 34 inches deep and up to 30 inches in diameter into the airport runway surface. Runway lights were to be installed in these holes. At approximately 1:25 p.m., Employee #1 was informed by his foreman that the Hydraulic Core Drill Machine was leaking oil. The foreman instructed Employee #1 not to shut the machine down with the core bit on the ground, so Employee #1 started the machine up and raised the drill. Under the direction of the foreman, Employee #1 and the foreman began to search for the source of the leak. The foreman instructed Employee #1 that the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) did not want oil on the runway and to get some rags to wipe up the oil. The foreman walked away. Employee #1 turned off the Hydraulic Core Drill Machine, acquired some rags, and wiped the oil that had spilled on the runway as well as the oil that had leaked onto the outer part of the machine. Employee #1 then turned the Hydraulic Core Drill Machine back on because, since it was hydraulic operated, it had to be turned on to see where the oil was leaking. Employee #1 noticed oil leaking from the hydraulic fittings on the outer parts of the machine. As he wiped the leaking oil from the coupling of the machine's exterior, a gust of wind blew the tail end of the rag that he held in his hand. The tail end of the rag caught in the unguarded belt and pulley drive system of the Hydraulic Core Drill Machine. This event happened in an instant, too quick for Employee #1 to be able to release the rag. The rag and the employee's hand were pulled onto the nip point of the unguarded moving belt and pulley drive system. The middle finger of Employee #1's left hand was mangled and amputated. The employee was hospitalized. The employer did not report this serious injury to Cal/OSHA within the required 24 hours.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 13, 2016, an employee was installing vinyl siding on re sidential home.  The employee fell 15 to 20 feet off a scaffold and was killed. The employee was not wearing a harness.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on September 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in carpentry work at a three-story residence. He was using a De walt (model number: DW708, serial number: 17172), 12-inch sliding compound miter saw secured onto a Rigid Miter Saw Stand to cut two door casings.  As he operat ed the saw, the rotating blade made contact with his left thumb and index finger .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al, treated for the amputation of the two fingers, and released.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:51 a.m. on January 3, 2022, an employee worked to repair a rough-framed clo set door using a six-foot, A-frame ladder to access the top of the frame. The em ployee stood on the third rung, placed a board onto the frame with the right han d while attempting to grab the nail gun from the tool belt with the left hand. T he employee became unbalanced and the employee while on the ladder approximately four feet. The employee was taken to the hospital for surgery to treat the empl oyee's right ankle fracture.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:40 a.m. on April 26, 2017, Employee #1 was cutting out a fan housing and s haft. As the employee cut the housing, the shaft came loose, striking Employee # 1 and causing him to fall to the floor. The employee sustained a concussion, two broken wrists, and a fractured tail bone. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 29, 2018, an employee was working for an apple orchard. He was conducting inventory in a cold storage warehouse. He was struck by a fork truck entering the warehouse. He sustained a fatal head injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:25 a.m. on August 3, 2019, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were working togeth er while one was attempting to attach a grounding conductor to the SF6 123-1-6 s witch in the Cherry/ Sheldon street vault without adequate verification of the c orrect circuit or usage of appropriate protective equipment and safeguarding tec hniques. Employees #1 and #2 were wearing hardhats, safety glasses, arc flash cl othing and non-insulative work gloves, but were not wearing adequate face, arm, or body protection for arc flash hazards. They did not use hot stick type live l ine tools for the connections. One employee under observation of the other teste d the circuit, but did not verify the test instrument against another known live source prior to, or after, the testing of the switch. An arc occurred when a gr ounding cable was applied to a live circuit energized at 7200 volts and 200 amps on the SF6 123-1-6 Switch in the Cherry/ Sheldon street vault. Employees #1 and #2 were exposed to the flash. As stated, the employees did not use live line to ols, or adequately verify the accuracy of the Hastings phasing stick used as a t est instrument prior to grounding. Elements of arc flash protection, including f ace shields, insulative gloves, and sleeves, were omitted also. The employees we re working in close proximity to the circuit receiving the ground, and in hand c ontact with grounding connections being applied. The employees applied multiple grounds prior to the fault. Employee #1 was hospitalized when the arc occurred r esulting in second degree burns to his hands and facial area. Employee #2 was al so burned to the second degree and treated as an outpatient.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 5, 2011, Employee #1 sustained a crushing injury to his ribs. The accident site is a natural gas drilling well site where the employer was servicing a well. The work at the time of injury was the setting up of the drill rig over the natural gas well. Employee #1 and Employee #3 were placing nuts on the blow out preventer. Employee #2 was spotting the drill rig as it move backward. Employee #4 was the driver of the drilling rig. Employee #5, the supervisor, was walking away from the drill rig towards the Dog House (i.e. trailer) at the time of the accident. The employees were beginning the task of erecting the mast platform for Drill Rig #8. The employees began to back the drilling rig's vertical platform into place at the back end of the rig. The high pressure blow out preventer, which resembles a Christmas tree in shape due to its extruding flanges and pipes, was put over the well head. Employee #1 and Employee #3 began tightening a series of nuts requiring manual tightening with large wrenches at the blow out devise. Employee #1 was wrench tightening bolts to the blow out preventer as the drill rig slowly backed up. Employee #2 was directing the drill rig driver, Employee #4, to the correct location to set up over the well head. Employee #1 was out of view of the drill rig driver, Employee #4. When Employee #4 attempted to put on the Drill Rig #8's brakes to stop the drill rig, the air brakes failed to engage. Employee #4 immediately knew the air brakes were not working, which caused him to pull the drill rig's hand brake to stop the rig. The extra distance the drill rig moved due to the faulty air brakes was approximately two feet. The additional two feet moved was enough distance to trap Employee #1 between the core of the blow out devise and the drill rig platform. Employee #1 sustained a crushing injury with broken ribs and a possible concussion. The other employees removed Employee #1 from the pinned position and kept Employee #1 still until medical care arrived. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On December 13, 2005, Employee #1 was cutting a 6.9 kilovolt-ampere line when he was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on January 27, 2015, an employee proceeded to the co nverter dolly storage area located at the commercial trucking terminal yard. He was moving a dolly used to connect two 28-ft truck trailers. He was alone at thi s time and no one witnessed his actions.  It appears that the employee attempted to move a Road Systems, Inc. converter dolly model DAAA-01 approximately 30 fee t by hand and place it behind the trailer that was going to be used that day.  W hile performing this task, the employee was caught between the converter dolly a nd the trailer.  His back hit the bottom edge of the front of the trailer and th e eye of the dolly impacted his chest resulting in internal injuries.  The emplo yee suffered from facial abrasions  when falling onto concrete surface, bruising his  chest. The trauma and internal abdominal injuries sustained from being str uck by and briefly pinned by the dolly. The employee was transported to the hosp ital and died during surgery.
fall_fatal	At 11:51 a.m. on July 19, 2017, an employee was installing roof tiles when he fe ll from the roof. A passing neighbor had noticed the employee was bent over coug hing before falling to the ground and becoming unconscious. Emergency services w ere contacted and, upon arrival, worked to revive him. After 30 minutes of worki ng on the employee, he was determined dead from possible cardiac arrest.
fall_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on January 5, 2019, an employee was erecting a scaffold over water .  The employee was anchored to the scaffolding and the scaffolding failed.  The employee fell into the water (channel) and drowned.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on February 10, 2019, an employee was rolling up hoses on the grade level of the DU2 Unit that were being used earlier to move a gasoline/naphthale ne mixture to the debutanizer.  The employee was caught in an explosion when an 18-inch line was left open and the piping below the valve was removed, igniting the gas mixture.  The employee sustained first and second burns to his face and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 10:40 a.m. on July 5, 2022, an employee was standing in front of compact trac t loader with attached hammer post driver at full boom. The compact tract loader fell on the employee. The compact tract loader crushed the employee in the head and neck area. The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 p.m. on January 23, 2017, an employee was picking up an order using an electric pallet jack.  The employee was struck by the powered lift when he stepp ed of it to pick up a case from a grocery pick slot.  The employee was pinned by the pallet lift against a structural racking column when it continued to move. The employee sustained a fractured pelvis and was taken to the hospital to be t reated for their injuries.  The employee was hospitalized and treated for his in juries.
fall_fatal	On December 10, 2016 at 9:30 a.m., an employee fell 32 ft from an opening in a m etal roof.  While removing standing seam metal roofing panels, the employee fell as he was leaning over an opening. The employee was killed from blunt force tra uma to the head after striking the concrete foundation slab.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on July 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at a multiemployer construction project, a ten-story commercial build ing.  He was operating a boom lift and installing exterior drywall.  Employee #1 became caught between the lift's basket and a structural I-beam.  Emergency ser vices transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treate d for multiple fractured ribs.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on November 6, 2020, an employee worked to install blankets for ele ctrical wires. At some point, the employee made contact with an overhead transmi ssion line and was killed by electrocution.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on December 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a power line compan y, was prepping an electrical power pole guy wire for removal.  The guy wire cam e loose and made contact with a 7,200-volt power line.  The employee was shocked and both hands were burned.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admi tted, and treated for electric shock and burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:20 p.m. on September 28, 2017, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a uti lities management company, were working on a power transmission line.  They used a hot stick to disconnect two fuses in a switchgear cabinet.  They then attempt ed to switch two circuits that were out of phase.  The remaining phases were sti ll energized and transmitting approximately 7,900 volts.  Employee #1 made conta ct with live/energized parts in the cabinet.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electrical shock and burns to his head, arm, and leg.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on May 6, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a painting contrac tor, were using a scissor lift and painting the exterior molding of a building. As one of the employees attempted to move the scissor lift to a new work locati on along a three to six degree sloped concrete sidewalk, a tire caught in a crac k in the concrete, causing the lift to overturn.  Both employees fell, a fall he ight of approximately 9 feet.  Emergency services transported the employees to t he hospital, where both were admitted for treatment.  Employee #1 sustained a fr actured spine, a fractured wrist, a sprained leg, and internal bruising.  Employ ee #2 sustained fractures to his left leg, his tailbone, and his pelvis, and a c oncussion.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 17, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a con struction company, were working with fellow crewmembers at an existing multifami ly residential complex.  They were performing renovations to one of the four bui ldings.  The work included removing rotted wood trim and replacing exterior sidi ng.  The workers were installing Hardie Board siding that measured 8 inches by . 25 inch by 12 feet.  The crew used a Mag 77 circular saw to cut the siding to th e needed length.  Employee #1 used a Hitachi NV 65AH2 pneumatic nail gun to fast en the siding to the structure.  The nail gun operated at approximately 60 to 70 psi and dispensed nails approximately 2 inches long via a single sequential act uation mechanism or a contact actual mechanism, which in both modes required the operator to pull the trigger.  As Employee #1 was operating the nail gun, Cowor ker #1, as he exited the work area, inadvertently caught his foot on the hose su pplying air to the nail gun. Coworker #1's foot pulled the hose, and the nail gu n turned toward Employee #1's body.  The tip of the nail gun pressed against Emp loyee #1's chest area, and a nail was dispensed into his left chest cavity.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted, the nail was removed from his chest, and the puncture wound trea ted.
fall_fatal	At approximately 16:12 p.m. on August 30, 2013, Employee#1 was working on the roof setting up the water hoses and pressure washer to wash down the side of the building walkway to the ground level. There were skylights within 6 ft of his work area. These skylights were not protected by physical barriers, a fall protection system or other equivalent means. While working, he stepped on and fell through one of the unprotected skylights. He fell approximately 25 ft and struck the ground. Employee #1 suffered blunt force injuries and was pronounced deceased at 16:38 p.m. by emergency medical personnel, who had arrived at the site of the incident.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 24, 2022, an employee, a painter, was painting the exter ior of a commercial building.   The employee elevated the working platform while working on an incline. A coworker was on the ground assisting the painter. The working platform was elevated approximately 25 feet, and it tipped over, killing the employee.  Factors that caused the injury include using the elevating work platform on an inclined surface and lack of training.  As a result of the invest igation the employer was cited under T8 CCR 3646(l) and 3645(a) for not providi ng instruction in the safe use of the work platform in accordance with the manuf acturer's operating instructions and using the elevating work platform on an inc lined surface. Ground and impact from falling elevating work platform
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on March 28, 2017, an employee was cutting a portion of the old water main off to prepare to install the new main. The east wall of the trench collapsed in. The employee fractured his hip and was hospitalized. Th e collapse was attributed to lack of shoring or inadequate sloping/benching effo rts and close proximity to road and rail traffic.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on July 12, 2013, Employee #1 was excavating a sewer pipe to repair it. He was in the trench using a hammer drill to excavate the sewer pipe. Two coworkers were helping him with the work. Employee #1 was also using a chipping gun. The chipping gun did have a faulty cord. As Employee #1 was using the chipping gun, he was electrocuted by its faulty cord. Employee #1 was transported to a local hospital, where he died from his injuries. It was determined that the chipping gun had not been grounded during the time of the incident.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an insulation compan y, was working at the construction site for a multifamily residential building. He was inside an elevator shaft and attempting to set up an A-frame ladder acro ss two scaffold planks.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell to the bottom of the shaft, a fall height of approximately 18 feet.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for multiple injuries, including fractures to his ankle, knee, arm, and verteb rae.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on June 29, 2018, an employee was working at a residential construc tion site. As he was located on the ground floor of a residence, moving lumber f rom one location to another, he fell 11 feet into an opening where a stairway wa s going to be built from the ground floor to the basement. The employee suffered a severe head trauma and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On September 10, 2011, Employee #1, a production mechanic, was working on a loose belt of a running conveyor on the food processing line of a facility. As he adjusted the idler pulley to tighten the belt, his wrench suddenly slipped. His right hand was caught by the conveyor's moving parts and was pulled in between the belt and idler pulley. Employee #1 suffered a laceration on his right hand. He was transported to a medical center, where he underwent surgical procedures and was hospitalized for postoperative care.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 25, 2022, an employee was inside the cab of a semi truc k in the company's yard, getting ready to back up to attach the trailer to his c ab.  The tractor was stuck, i.e., the differential was engaged and two tires wer e not on the ground and spinning.  The employee's foot was on the throttle.  A t ire exploded and a piece of it (size of envelope) propelled through the back the cab, and hit the employee in the head. The employee was killed due to blunt for ce trauma.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 10, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project.  The employee was inside a trench and installing shielding braces to protect employees who would be working in the trench.  A trench face collapsed, the bracing failed, and Employee #1 wa s pinned against the opposite side of the trench.  Emergency services were calle d, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a concussion, abrasions, and contusions.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on June 14, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a constru ction company, were involved in excavating a trench and laying sewer/water pipe in the trench.  The coworker was operating a backhoe with bucket on the slope of the excavation.  The coworker retrieved the machine's outriggers and turned in his seat in preparation for moving the machine to the next section of trench and allowing Employee #1 to continue the pipe laying.  The backhoe slipped backward s, and the bucket struck Employee #1's head.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 23, 2015, an employee stepped between a portable stora ge tank and a running powered industrial truck.  The employee was caught between the two and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:31 a.m. on January 5, 2022, an employee and coworker shoveled concrete nea r a boom lift (JLG Boom Lift Model #460SJ) operated in reverse by another cowork er. The employee crossed the path of the lift and was tripped by one of the lift tires and subsequently was runover at the left calf and ankle. The employee was taken to a hospital to treat a left ankle fracture and was treated without hosp italization.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on February 14, 2019, an employee was disassembling a garage door w hen a spring was released and struck the employee in his eye, injuring it.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 20, 2018, an employee worked to frame a multi-story wood building. The employee stood on an elevated platform located between two columns and a metal frame scaffold. At some point, the employee fell approximately twen ty feet off the platform. The employee received rib fractures and unspecified in juries to head and knee. The employee was hospitalized for treatment of the inju ries to include surgery for the knee.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new commercial building. He was using a shovel to remove mud and debris from a trench when the trench c ollapsed.  The collapse caused a mini-excavator to fall and strike Employee #1, who was caught between the wall of the excavation and a rebar cage attached to t he excavator.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for punctured blood vessels in his abdominal area.
struck_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on November 3, 2020, Employee #1, employed by an HVAC company, was working at a customer's commercial facility.  He was in the process of removing a coupler and blind from the intake header of an air dryer.  The employee did no t first relieve the air pressure from the header.  When he loosened the coupler bolts, the coupler and blind were propelled off the header by the pressure relea se.  Employee #1 was struck by the flying parts.  Employee #1 sustained blunt fo rce traumatic injuries and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on July 24, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a heavy construction project.  He was helping place a crane load of three steel C-channels into a storage rack.  The C-channels measured 10 inche s by 3 inches by 15 feet long.  As Employee #1 placed his right hand on the load to push it into the rack, the left side of the load shifted.  Employee #1 right ring finger was pinched between two of the steel C-channels.  Emergency service s were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation of his right ring finger tip.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 10, 2017, Employee #1 was using a Hitachi pneumatic na il gun to tack/nail the rafters on the second floor of a residential home. A 3.2 5 inch smooth shank framing nail bounced or ricocheted off the top of another na il or a metal hanger close by, and entered Employee #1 through his nostril, lodg ing behind his right eye. The employee was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on July 22, 2017, an employee was making several cuts on some lumbe r.  The employee bent over at the waist and was holding onto a board while he cu t it and fell approximately 43 feet from the buildings roof.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on August 19, 2021, an employee worked on a roof. At some point, t he employee fell approximately nineteen feet and was killed by blunt force traum a.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 3, 2019, an employee was working alone preparing to dump a load of wood waste from a bin elevated on a forklift into the scrap hopper bin. The employee noticed a rubber bumper was not in place and with the bin still ele vated he got off the forklift and tried to adjust the bumper. He placed his hand in between the elevated bin and the scrap bin when the elevated bin fell and sm ashed his left hand fingers through his work gloves. The employee amputated his ring and middle fingers at the tips and required medical treatment.  The employe e was not hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 10 a.m. on June 6, 2011, Employee #1 was sand blasting a horizontal steel mem ber on a bridge from an aerial lift.  The employee was manuevering an aerial lif t from the elevated work platform under a horizontal steel member of the bridge which he was going to sand blast. The employee ducked in the aerial lift while m anuevering the aerial lift under the horizontal steel member. The employee got h is head caught between the aerial lift controls and the horizontal steel member. The employee's head was pushed against the controls and pinned between the cont rols of the aerial lift and the horizontal steel member.  A fatal head injury oc curred when he was pinned between the aerial lift controls and the horizontal st eel member of the bridge.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 a.m. on November 8, 2018, an employee was stock picking loaded pails of paint to a pallet in the warehouse when a coworker drove his forklift into the a isle where the employee was working.  The employee was struck by the forklift wh en his coworker reversed the forklift and drove it across the row from where he had turned from.  The employee fractured his leg in multiple locations and was h ospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 26, 2018, an employee was operating a punch press when a p iston came loose and struck the employee in his abdomen. The employee sustained lacerations and puncture injuries, which he was hospitalized and received treatm ent.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on February 24, 2017, an employee was working for a finish carpentr y contractor. He was installing metal decking. He fell and fractured his wrists. and he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 14, 2018, Employee #1 was using a powered auger. The employ ee sustained an electrical shock and was electrocuted and killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	A service technician and a coworker arrived at a customer's house to service a wall-mounted Samsung microwave oven under warranty. The oven made a noise when running. They unplugged and removed the microwave oven from the wall and placed it on the kitchen floor. The technician removed the cover from the oven and replaced the fan, while his coworker observed. He told his coworker to plug in the microwave oven into a wall outlet for a test. The technician turned on the microwave, but the customer could still hear the noise. The coworker unplugged the oven, and the technician continued to check other parts in the oven. He told his coworker that the noise seemed to be coming from the transformer inside the oven. As he was disconnecting the transformer, he told his coworker to plug in the microwave oven. When the coworker plugged in the oven, the technician received an electric shock. The coworker tried to pull the injured worker away from the microwave oven, but could not. When the coworker unplugged the microwave oven, the injured worker fell to his side on the floor. He had lost consciousness and was not breathing. The coworker asked the customer to call emergency medical services while the coworker administered cardio-pulmonary resuscitation. His efforts revived the technician. Emergency medical services transported the injured worker to a medical center. Later that evening, he was transferred to a hospital, where he was hospitalized for 2 days with third-degree burns on both hands and a laceration to his right hand.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on January 5, 2017, Employee #1 was standing on a co nstructed truss support plate within a garage. The plate ran through the center of the garage and was at an approximate height of 11.5 ft. As he stood on the tr uss support plate, he lifted the center of a truss and rested it on the support plate. Coworkers were on each side of the garage and helping to lift each truss into place. While a truss was being moved into position, the truss support plate collapsed and Employee #1 fell to the ground. Several of the trusses also fell striking him. Employee #1 suffered four fractured ribs on left side and multiple contusions. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized. The truss support plate that was not adequa tely braced and supported to handle the intended load.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contract or, was testing a water main moving water into a commercial building as part of the building's rehabilitation.  He was tightening bolts on an end cap when the c ap blew off and struck his lower leg.  Emergency services transported the employ ee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:35 p.m. on December 18, 2010, Employee #1, operating a Yale Lift Truck, Model Number NR035AENM24TE095, Serial Number C815N03266A, was moving pallets from one location of the warehouse to the shipping docks. It had been raining that day and the floor in the shipping docks area was wet even though the area had a roof. Employee #1 was traveling backwards out of the warehouse with a load of pallets, when the truck started to skid on the wet surface. Traveling speed for the truck was approximately five miles per hour. As the truck skid, the left foot of Employee #1 slipped from the platform and was crushed between a concrete pole and the frame of the truck. A statement provided by Employee #1 indicated his "foot slipped out because the floor where the pedal is located was wet and because there was a mat on the floor that had never been there before". Employee #1 sustained nerve and muscle damage, a fractured heel bone, and a deep, open wound to the left foot. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 1:03 p.m. on February 3, 2015, an employee exited the operator's seat of a Jo hn Deere backhoe loader with the engine idling. He walked behind the machine and appeared to be reaching for the backhoe control lever or a pry bar that was bei ng stored in the operator's cab. When emergency responders arrived at the scene, the employee was found on the left-hand side of the machine pinned between the boom and body of the backhoe loader. The employee was killed as the result of me chanical asphyxia and blunt force injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on July 7, 2005, Employee #1 was replacing portions of a panel cover. The work entailed removing the cover panel of a 277/480-volt live main service to inspect the breaker attachment configuration and then replacing the existing 100-amp breaker with a new 200-amp breaker. While he was working, there was an arc flash. Employee #1 sustained burns, for which he required hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:56 a.m. on April 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a painting contractor, was performing exterior surface preparation on a single story residential struc ture prior to the application of paint.  He was working from a ladder approximat ely 8 feet above ground level.  As he stepped down a rung, the ladder became uns table.  The employee fell to the ground and struck the concrete driveway.  He wa s transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a fractured left thi ghbone.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a drywall company, wa s installing walls at a commercial building.  He was using a Mark V Texspray tex ture spray gun to spray drywall mud on stairwell walls when the nozzle of the sp rayer tip became plugged.  As he attempted to clear the nozzle, Employee #1's ri ght palm was struck by the spray.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a laceration to his right hand.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:00 p.m. on March 27, 2017, Employee #1 was cleaning a mixing tank.  The power was turned on and Employee #1 was struck by the agitator and k illed.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:40 a.m. on July 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection company , was working at a multiemployer construction project for a four-story commercia l building.  He had set up a beam chair on a beam and was stepping onto the beam chair when the beam dislodged on one side and fell.  The beam's other side, whi ch was bolted, remained secured, and the beam hung in the air.  Employee #1 was caught between the beam chair and the dangling beam.  The beam struck both of Em ployee #1's legs.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transport ed to the hospital.  He was treated for a minor injury to his right knee and rel eased from the hospital on the same day.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on November 7, 2004, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was working at a site in Bakersfield, CA. He was installing a circuit breaker in a panel when an electric arc occurred. He sustained second- and third-degree burns to his face and hands, and was transported to the Fresno Burn Center for treatment.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:00 p.m. on July 30, 2014, Employee #1 was removing temporary pavement markers wearing personal protective equipment. He was struck by a vehi cle in the back of his neck by a windshield post.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:40 a.m. on August 11, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a const ruction company, were working on a pipeline construction project.  Employee #1, a pipefitter, was in a trench and standing on the bell of a pipe.  He was within the operating radius of an excavator operated by the coworker.  The coworker, w ho was filling the trench with gravel to level its surface, extended the excavat or bucket outward.  The bucket struck Employee #1, who was pinned between the bu cket and the spreader bar of the trench box.  Employee #1 sustained crushing inj uries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on November 7, 2014, an employee was framing interior walls. A 24-ft framed wall with drywall material installed fell away from inter ior framing because of lack of adequate bracing crushing and killing the employe e.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on April 3, 2019, an employee attempted to hang a wood plank on the ceiling of a new construction home. The employee used a six-foot A-frame ladder to reach the area of ceiling to attach the board, holding the board in one hand and a hammer in the other. When the employee began to step onto the fourth rung , the employee either slipped or lost balance and fell. The employee was hospita lized to treat a fractured rib.
electrocution_nonfatal	Employee #1 was working with crew members installing a power pole. The pole was set and Employee #1 was making a ground wire connection to a ground rod at the base of the pole. At the same time, a coworker was installing an insulated cover on the high voltage phase at the tip of the pole. The coworker pushed the line against the pole, causing a voltage flow from the high voltage line to the ground wire. This action resulted in a shock to Employee #1. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on February 4, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a countertop company , was operating a panel saw to cut a piece of Corian material.  The employee pul led back and defeated the protection afforded by the manufacturer's guard.  He t hen reached his hand into the machine to grab a loose piece of cut material.  Th e moving blade amputated two fingers and lacerated a third finger.  Emergency se rvices transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treat ment of the amputations and laceration.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:11 a.m. on May 24, 2020 an employee was working under a house to weld an HV AC pipe. At some point, the employee made contact with an electrical wire and wa s killed by electrocution.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on March 19, 2019, an employee operated a telehandler with a man-b asket, which contained two coworkers. The coworkers were correcting an improperl y installed brace to one of the trusses. At some point, the employee left the te lehandler to retrieve a level for the coworkers when the trusses collapsed and f ell on top of the employee. The employee was hospitalized to treat two rib fract ures, puncture to large intestine (cecum), and an unspecified knee injury.
struck_fatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on November 1, 2014, Employee #1, roofer was cleanin g up debris from masonry and rehabilitation project. The employee was working al ongside Employees #2 and #3 who were engaged in the process of replacing I-Beams on the facade of a strip mall. The employee was sweeping construction debris fr om the sidewalk approximately 30 feet away from his coworkers. At approximately 1:00 P.M., the unsupported brick faade collapsed crushing the employee under ma sonry debris. The employee died at the scene as the result of multiple internal injuries. Employees #2 and #3 were treated and released at a local hospital.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:40 a.m. on February 14, 2014, Employee #1, while plowing the street, stopped to assist another driver that had spun out on the road due to inclement weather conditions. A third vehicle struck the driver side corner of the plow causing vehicle #3 to spin around the front of the plow and vehicle #2 in a pivoting motion and struck Employee #1. The impact threw him approximately 25 feet to the east north east to the top of an approximate 5-6 foot snowbank approximately 10 feet north from the side of the road. Employee #1 was transported to Kewanee hospital via Stark County Ambulance, where he was pronounced dead.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 18, 2017, Employee #1 was on a flatbed trailer, guiding a forklift operator into a load of steel. The load fell off of the forks, bounce d, and struck the employee. He fell to the ground from the flatbed trailer, and dislocated his neck at the cervical vertebrae. Employee #1 was hospitalized and surgery was performed.
caught_fatal	At about 2:45 a.m. on January 26, 2012, Employee#1, night shift checker/loader Bimbo Bakeries Usa Dba Earth Grains, pinned by panel truck against wall of metal building, had just "charged" the vehicle, and returned from inside to truck. Employee was found unresponsive about 15 minutes later. None of the three other employees saw accident.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 18, 2014, Employee #1 and a coworker were unloading ma terials from the back of a delivery truck. While the coworker was moving a palle t of paper from the back of the truck, Employee #1 maneuvered a hand truck towar ds the tricks lift gate. Employee #1's foot became caught between one of the h and trucks wheels and the lift gate extension plate, causing him to fall off th e edge of the lift gate.  He struck his head and face against the pavement that was approximately 39 inches below the lift gate, resulting in multiple fractures to his nose, eyes and head.  Employee #1 died 32 days later due to his injuries sustained.
caught_nonfatal	On October 31, 2012, Employee #1 was moving merchandise with a Crown Platform Stock Picker. The merchandise moved, and falling against the employee's right leg. Employee #1 was pinned between the forklift and the merchandise. The employee was taken to an area hospital, where he was treated for fracture to his right leg. Employee #1 remains hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	On September 6, 2009, Employee #1 was attempting to exit an excavator through the side entrance and his foot was caught in the foot pedals. As he started to fall, he attempted to gain his balance by grasping onto something. He fell to the ground and his left finger was torn off. Employee #1 was hospitalized with an amputated finger.
caught_fatal	On December 2, 2010, Employee #1 was operating a stand-up type reach-rider high-lift truck in reverse when he struck an empty wooden pallet positioned on the forks of an unmanned reach-rider truck. He contacted the pallet with his upper chest and the force lifted him off the operator deck, crushing and killing him against the vertical boom of the lift. Based on the preliminary investigation, he had likely been operating both forklifts in the performance of his daily job. His primary job was to break product pallets down to specific numbers of boxes per pallet. To do this quickly, and with the least physical effort, the operator places a pallet load of product on the floor. He then positions another forklift on the opposite side of the product stack with an empty pallet level with the product to be transferred. The operator then returns to the original forklift and pushes the required amount of product off the original pallet onto the empty pallet held on the unmanned forklift. The transferred product is then ready for delivery to various storage locations in the facility. The empty pallet had been elevated to approximately 60-inches above the floor and left in that position for unknown reasons. The employee had completed training on this and other forklift equipment less than 15 days before to the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on June 11, 2018, an employee was laying saddles onto the flatbed t railer so that paper rolls could be placed onto the trailer.  The employee lost his balance and jumped from the trailer bed, fracturing both ankles when he land ed on the paved surface.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:05 p.m. on August 21, 2007, Employee #1 was an apprentice lineman. He was working from a pole approximately 16 ft above the ground. He was positioned on the pole wearing metal gaffs on his feet. His feet were positioned directly above the communication lines that were also on the pole. He was moving the secondary lines from an old pole to a new one which was installed approximately 2-ft away from the old pole. The lines were a triplex cable with two 120 volt lines and a neutral in the bundle. Employee #1's left forearm contacted the 120/240 volt line above his insulated glove. The electrical current exited through his right calf. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:05 p.m. on January 15, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a construction contra ctor, was doing repair work at a two-story residential structure.  He was workin g on the top level of a two-level metal scaffold and repairing a wall when he le aned back against the top scaffold rail.  The rail came loose, and the employee fell, a fall height of 12 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, w here he was admitted for treatment of a traumatic head injury.
caught_nonfatal	On June 11, 2012, an employee, of Cam Contractors, Inc., Escondido, CA, was working at a construction site. His left ring finger was caught between the bucket thumb grabber of an excavator. His finger was crushed and partially amputated. He was transported to a nearby hospital and later moved to another hospital for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 6, 2018, an employee was trying to lower a dock plate. Hi s fingers were caught between the lip of the dock plate and his truck bed, amput ating his left index finger and fracturing of his left middle finger.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on February 3, 2017, two workers were leaning the baler machine in order to remove it from the production area using a forklift. Employee 1 tried to remove plastic pallets from in front of the baler while the baler machine was leaning forward. The baler swung striking Employee #1 against the plastic palle ts. Employee #1 sustained a forearm laceration and a head concussion.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on July 11, 2022, Employee #1 (the owner), Employee #2, and Employ ee #3 were bringing down a LadderVator to disassemble it, as the roofing job was nearing completion. As Employee #1 was pulling the LadderVator away from the bu ilding, he lost control of it, and it fell into a 14.4KV powerline.  Employees # 2 and #3 tried to assist with the ladder and assist Employee #1. Employee #1 was electrocuted, and the two other employees received critical electricity-related injuries and were hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:15 a.m. on November 19, 2015, a worker was moving a ladder when it came int o contact with an electrical wire from a utility pole. The worker was electrocut ed as a result.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on September 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working at an existing two-story residence. He was nailing new shingles to t he roof when he slipped and fell, a fall height of 11 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and trea ted for a fractured lower leg.
caught_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 22, 2021, an employee operated a aerial lift and ran in to a second aerial lift. For an unspecified reason, the employee became caught b etween the two aerial lifts and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on November 15, 2018, an employee was removing road construction an d merge signs from around guard rails.  The employee was behind the vehicle duri ng a backing maneuver and was struck and backed over by the grinding truck.  The employee sustained injuries to head and torso and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On June 22, 2018, an  employee was walking in an aisle to go to his truck  and c aught his foot on the edge of a pallet when he stepped over it.  The employee fr actured his right leg and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on February 24, 2014,  an employee was installing a gauge pipe and was struck by the pipe when it became disconnected from the lifting clamp during crane hoisting operations. The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 20, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, us ed a ladder to access the roof of a one-story commercial building.  He fell thro ugh a skylight, a fall height of 25 feet.  Employee #1 sustained trauma to the h ead and multiple internal organs and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on January 2, 2018, an employee was working as a yard worker for a truss manufacturer. He was working on the unload side of a purlin machine. His c oworker, the operator of the purlin machine, was on the load side. The two were running pieces of wood 4.9 meters 16 feet) long through the purlin machine. The pieces of wood were 38 by 89 millimeters (nominally, 2 inches by 4 inches) in di mension. The employee reached his hand near the hydraulic-powered plate position er or carriage to unjam a board. He sustained the amputation of the ring finger on his left hand. He was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on March 3, 2017, an employee was securing a paint can to the cab of a forklift that was located on a trailer. As he turned around to walk towards the steps of the trailer, he tripped and fell,   approximately 36 inches to the dirt ground. The employee sustained a fractured right hip, which he was hospita lized and received treatment.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on September 23, 2014, workers engaged in pressure ve ssel sandblasting and painting activities.  An employee was placing portable lig hts into the pressure vessel. The pressure vessel fell from the pipe style work rack.  The employee was crushed under the manway portion of the pressure vessel. The employee sustained crushing injuries to the chest and was killed
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 31, 2017, Employee #1 was engaged in a metal fabrication operation. As he operated a magnetic drill bit, his left hand became caught by the drill bit and his left index finger was partially amputated at its first dig it.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 26, 2018, an employee was chalking a line to cut material wh ile wearing a personal fall arrest system.  The material being chalked by the em ployee broke under load. Due to the method in which the personal fall arrest sys tem was rigged, the system did not engage to arrest the fall. As a result, the e mployee fell 11 feet to the lower level.  The employee landed on a rock , dirt, and construction material laden surface. The employee sustained a fracture to hi s left hip.
caught_nonfatal	On September 24, 2013, Employee #1, Excavator, was working with a coworker filling potholes using a (Vermeer V800LEHD) vacuum excavator with the trailer mounted. The coworker, operator, raised up with no visibility where the employee was standing and with the rear hatch open and dumped its contents into the pothole to backfill it after the inspection of a pipeline had been completed. Employee #1 was looking into the tank when the coworker closed the hydraulic cylinder tank hatch in preparation to move the unit to the next pothole. The employee's head and neck were caught between the tank and the hatch lid. The coworker saw the employee's hand waving out of the side of the excavator and released the controls. When the hatch reversed its direction, Employee #1 fell to the ground. The employee was air lifted to UC Davis Hospital, where he was treated for fractures to his head and neck. Employee #1 was hospitalized for two days.
struck_fatal	At 6:41 p.m. on July 3, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at the site of a multifamily residential structure.  He was digging i nside a 10-foot deep trench and looking for the sewer line.  The trench was not shored or otherwise secured.  The west wall of the trench collapsed, burying Emp loyee #1.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on April 19, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a water pipeline and sewer system contractor, were engaged in underground pipe installa tion at a construction site.  They were working in a trench approximately 20 fee t or greater in depth and 8 feet wide.  A trench cave-in occurred, and trench di rt collapsed on Employee #1's head and back, causing him to twist and fall.  Eme rgency services were called.  An emergency responder and several employees retri eved Employee #1 from the trench using a tripod system.  Employee #1 was transpo rted to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured right ankle.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 19, 2017, an employee was inside one of the holes the c rew had dugout to start lifting the house foundation with the mortars. While pla cing the mortars it appears the employee got shocked with the wiring of the hydr aulic machine that lifts the house. The employee was killed from electrical shoc k that lead to a possible cardiac arrest.
struck_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on August 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a paving project.  He was walking on a parking lot behind a Cate rpillar 248 Skid Steer Loader when he was struck and run over by the loader.  Em ployee #1 was hospitalized with severe injuries to his head and chest.  He died from his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on April 18, 2016, an employee was tearing shingles from a roof whe n he fell 16 feet to the ground. He struck his head and died. The incident inves tigation revealed that the worker was not wearing fall protection.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on January 12, 2022, an employee installed trusses and plywood for a metal roof while working from an extension ladder. At some point, the employe e fell approximately seventeen feet, received blunt force trauma to the head and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:35 p.m. on May 15, 2022, an employee was performing roofing activities at a residential building. The employee became ill while working on the roof and was killed when he fell 12 feet to the ground, sustaining blunt force trauma injuri es.  Heat exhaustion or heat stroke were determined to be either contributors to or the cause of the fall.
caught_fatal	On May 23, 2013, Employee #1, of Werner Enterprises, Inc., was found unresponsive on the ground behind his Big Rig at a truck lot at 10720 South Harlan Road in the City of French Camp, CA. The emergency responders arrived and started Advance Life Support measures and transported the employee to San Joaquin General Hospital where he was pronounced deceased at 9:43 a.m. The Coroner's report states that the cause of death was "Blunt force trauma of the trunk," and that the employee was "crushed in between two semi tractor trailers."
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 16, 2005, Employees #1 and #2 were working with an Alum-A-Pole scaffold. They were trying to stand the pump jack pole upright when it contacted the energized overhead power lines. Employees #1 and #2 suffered burns and exit wounds, for which they were hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 13, 2020, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a siding comp any, were erecting a pump jack scaffold at a single-family residence in preparat ion for installation work.  The outdoor winds exceeded 17 miles per hour with ev en stronger gusts.  As they erected a 24-foot scaffold pole support adjacent to the house, the pole made contact with a live and uninsulated 7,200-volt primary power line that ran parallel to the house.  The power line was approximately 23 feet 8 inches above the ground and approximately 12 feet away from the house.  E mployee #1 was electrocuted.  Employee #2 sustained electric shock injuries that required hospitalization and treatment.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on November 21, 2016, an employee was riding in an aerial lift and bringing up paint spraying equipment to paint storage silos.  The basket of the aerial lift got caught on a fixed anchor point on top of a storage silo. The em ployee tried to get the basket off of the anchor point by   retracting the boom. This caused two wheels to rise on the bottom of the aerial lift and the lift b ecame unstable.  When basket became free from the anchor point, the aerial lift tipped over with the employee inside of the basket.  The employee fell with the aerial lift basket and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 31, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a con struction company, were working at a one-story residential building project.  Em ployee #1 was climbing onto the top of a wall to install his fall protection anc hor strap to a truss.  A coworker was operating a crane from which was suspended an adjacent truss that measured 46 feet by 5 feet.  As the coworker positioned the suspended truss, it broke in half, and one half of the truss struck Employee #1.  Employee #1 was knocked to the floor.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a severe left hand bone bruise, a torn left shoulder rotator cuff, three fracture d ribs, and a left lung hematoma.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 30, 2022, an employee was attempting to open swing-style t railer doors of a tractor trailer loaded with truck tires, prior to moving the t railer into position at a loading dock. When the employee opened the trailer doo rs, multiple tires fell from the trailer and knocked the employee to the ground. The employee was killed due to severe spinal injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on October 27, 2018, an employee was using a grinder (Dewalt, Mode l Number DW840) with a type 27A cutting wheel to grind a I-beam. The wheel shatt ered and a section struck the employee's tibia and fractured it. The employee wa s taken to a local hospital for treatment.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 6, 2021, an employee was unloading a pallet of automotiv e products from a delivery truck. During the unloading process, the employee sli pped and fell from the truck liftgate hitting his head on the concrete surface a nd died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a gutter company, was i nstalling a gutter at a private residence.  He extended a metal extension ladder , and the ladder made contact with a high voltage overhead power distribution li ne.  Employee #1 received an electric shock and burns to his hands and feet.  Em ergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for the electric shock and burns.
struck_fatal	At 7:24 a.m. on August 21, 2018, an employee left her vehicle on an interstate h ighway and was struck by a motor vehicle.  The employee was killed due to blunt force trauma.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on July 21, 2017, an employee was working for a firm that provided waste management services. He was replacing a tine arm on the bucket of a crane used in a garbage pit. The tine arm was held in place by two pins. The employee did not secure the tine arm. As he was removing the two pins for replacement, th e arm shifted. The employee was struck by the arm and caught between the tine an d the crane bucket. He sustained a chest contusion. He was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:05 a.m. on December 27, 2007, Employee #1 was troubleshooting a 12,400-volt, 3-phase electrical load switch when an arc flash occurred. The 600-volt meter exploded due to backfeed. Employee # suffered burns on both hands and he was transported to the burn unit of a local hospital. Prior to the arc flash, Employee #1 had removed his electrical-rated gloves.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction maintenan ce company, was cleaning a building's roof with a power washer.  He fell through a skylight, a fall height of 30 feet.  Emergency services transported the emplo yee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, in cluding a compound fracture to the leg, a fractured pelvis, and a fractured ster num.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on January 31, 2017, Employee #1 was sawing plywood w hen the plywood jammed.  He used his hand to unjam the plywood instead of a push stick.  He contacted the saw blade which amputated two fingers. Employee #1 was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on April 26, 2019, an employee worked on the second level of a sca ffold to apply stucco to the exterior of a residential home. At some point, the employee placed their hand on a cross brace that gave way and the employee fell approximately sixteen feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat a right foot fracture and leg swelling.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on June 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was pouring concrete for a road paving project.  The concrete truck struck debri s in the road, causing a tire to explode.  Debris from the exploding tire struck Employee #1's chest.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, an d treated for musculoskeletal chest pain and atrial septal defect (ASD).
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 6, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a framing contr actor, were working at a construction project for a new residence.  They were on the second floor deck of the residence and unstrapping a load of exterior wall panels weighing approximately 250 pounds each.   A gust of wind lifted two wall panels.  One struck Employee #1, knocking him down and pinning him to the workin g surface.  The other wall panel struck Employee #2, who fell to ground level. Both employees required hospitalization, Employee #1 for a fractured collarbone, and Employee #2 for multiple fractured ribs.
caught_nonfatal	On October 29, 2008, Employee #1, an apprentice lineman, was standing in front of a forklift with a chain link fence to his back. An 18 ft modular pole rolled off the forks of a Nissan 80 forklift, MO Number F04B40B, and pinned him against an asphalt berm next to the fence. Employee #1 was hospitalized with a fractured leg.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 17, 2020, Employee #1 was engaged in exterior painting at a two-story commercial building.  He was working from a ladder at a height of 1 2 feet and taping a light fixture in preparation for painting.  The employee was found lying on the concrete surface at the base of the ladder, unconscious and bleeding from his ears.  He sustained multiple fractures to his skull and trauma tic brain injury.  Employee #1 died from his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 22, 2003, Employee #1, a laborer, was instructed by his foreman to cut into a 3 in. thick PVC conduit so that a branch conduit could be installed. He had hand-sawed 2 in. into the conduit when he contacted an energized, 21 kilovolt conductor. The conductor shorted, causing an arc blast that was contained by the PVC conduit. Employee #1 sustained first-degree burns from the electric shock. He was transported to Valley Medical Center in Pleasanton, CA, where he was treated and released. The employer was cited for serious violations of T8CCR 2940(b), T8CCR 2940(c), and T8CCR 2940.6(a)(1).
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:52 a.m. on February 5, 2018, an employee was working on some interior cons truction work in an apartment building and went out to an exterior fire escape. The employee touched one of the high voltage power lines and was shocked, suffe ring severe burn injuries to his head, arm, and hand.  The employee was hospital ized.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 3, 2022, an employee worked to roll an ice shield on a r oof. As the employee walked backwards, he fell approximately twenty feet and was hospitalized to treat unspecified injuries to the head and body.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on September 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a framing construct ion company, was operating a Hitachi 83A pneumatic nail gun to install siding to the exterior of a three-story townhouse, part of a multifamily residential cons truction project.  As he shot a 3.25-inch nail into the top portion of a piece o f second floor siding, the nail somehow ricocheted back and struck him in the fa ce.  The nail traveled through his lip, up towards his eye below the skin, and s topped just short of his eye.  Emergency services transported the employee to th e hospital, where he was admitted and treated for the wound.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 30, 2018, Employee #1 was passing a plywood panel to a cow orker on a second level. The coworker was unable to hold onto the panel and it s lipped from his hands. The plywood struck Employee #1 in the abdomen, killing hi m.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on February 23, 2016, Employee #1 was operating a fo rklift, not wearing his seatbelt, driving back from a trash dumpster to the ware house with an empty skid pallet. The weather was rainy and the road was slippery .  Employee #1 misjudged the curb, approximately 10 inches high and hit the curb while making a sharp turn on a 10 degree slope.  Employee #1 either jumped or w as ejected by the seat latch when it snapped and landed standing on both legs to the left of the forklift.  The forklift tilted on one back wheel and fell onto Employee #1, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	On September 28, 2004, Employee #1 was using a router during construction of a house when he was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 26, 2016, an employee climbing an extension ladder to frame around a wood stove "B" vent on a roof, fell from the top of the 23-foot l adder to the ground.  He sustained head trauma and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on June 25, 2017, an employee painting a building from a metal ladd er at an approximate height of 17 feet. The supervisor heard noise and went to c heck out the noise and found the employee lying on the cement floor. The employe e was killed and had bleeding  on the back of the ears and head.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on November 17, 2020, an employee was standing between truck fuel t ank and rear tire of truck connected to trailer.   As the skidder began to push the trailer, the rear wheels of truck struck and killed employee.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 15, 2016, an employee was the framer's lead and was insp ecting the framing work on the third floor. The employee stepped inside the meta l framing. While talking to a co-worker  he stepped through a plastic covering 2 0 feet by 8 feet over a floor hole. The employee fell approximately 28 feet to t he concrete on the basement floor. The employee sustained a skull fracture from a sprinkler pipe and the concrete floor and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on May 24, 2012, Employee #1 was installing a lateral pipe to a se wer line in an unprotected excavation trench approximately 8 feet deep, 12-14 fe et wide and 12 feet long when the walls collapsed.  Employee #1 was trapped and killed when the side walls of the trench collapsed on top of him.
fall_fatal	On June 29, 2016 a coworker was instructed to cut out and move a stanchion and w ire rope guard rail on the 7th floor of a UVM campus dormitory under constructio n.  The area was then danger taped off.  At 6:00 a.m. on June 30, 2016 an employ ee was sent to the 7th floor to place boards on scaffold outriggers to protect m asons on a lower level from drywall operations taking place above.  Employee had not started this work and it did not require him to be in the area from which h e fell.  Employee crossed over into the danger taped off area, to a point on the northeast side where the fall protection had been disabled, and fell from that area 72.5 feet to the ground and was killed.  Initial autopsy report is blunt fo rce trauma to entire body resulting in death.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on May 13, 2018, an employee was operating a forklift and collide d with a stationary forklift, crushing his foot.  The employee's foot was later amputated at the hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on March 9, 2011, Employee #1, a welder, was using a "Max Mfg Co. (Model No. 12NS)" 12-inch cutoff saw to cut a 1.25-inch by 1.5-inch by 4-inch aluminum part down to 0.5-inch by 0.5-inch for template welding. Employee #1 placed the part on the table. He held the part with his left hand, and pulled down the saw handle with his right hand. He pulled the handle down slowly, and the force of the high-speed blade caused the part to be kicked out. Employee #1's left thumb made contact with the moving blade and was partially amputated
fall_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on December 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in reroofing work at a residential structure.  He was removing old shingles when he fell, a fall height of 24 feet, and landed on the driveway. Employee #1 sustained injuries to his head and neck.  He was killed in the fal l.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on March 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an architectural resto ration company, was painting a building's exterior wall.  As he worked from a Lo uisville 10-foot A-frame ladder, he fell, a fall height of approximately 8 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l.  He was admitted and treated for injuries to his head and back.
caught_nonfatal	On April 23, 2009, Employee #1, a forklift operator, was operating the forks from a standing position beside the forklift. He became pinned between the forklift and a rack when the forklift moved, sustaining injuries. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on February 24, 2016, an employee was looking for nails and was st ruck by a dump truck that was backing up to unload dirt.  The employee received injuries to the head and abdomen and died.
struck_nonfatal	On March 20, 2014, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in forming work along a road. He was operating a Skilsaw power saw to cut a 2 by 4 for the carpenters on the work project. Employee #1 was standing up and leaning forward, with his fingers placed under the section of wood as he operated the saw in a downward motion. The saw jammed and kicked back, and its blade struck Employee #1's left hand. Employee #1's left hand pinky finger and ring finger were amputated. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA on March 21, 2014. Cal/OSHA began its investigation on April 1, 2014. The investigation determined that Employee #1 was a laborer and full-time employee assigned to a variety of duties related to construction work.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on August 12, 2013, an employee was working alone, fixing a pickup truck parked at the property owner's parking lot. The employee received unspecified, possibly electrocution or toxic fume inhalation, injuries while repairing the truck and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 a.m. on August 10, 2021, an employee was driving a concrete mixer truck and pulled onto the shoulder of the road to check the concrete prior to deliveri ng the load to a bridge construction project site. The employee most likely fell while getting out of the truck. A coworker (Driver Trainee) was in the passenge r seat but he did not  see the employee fall. The employee fractured his skull a nd was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a utility constructi on company, was attempting to locate an underground conduit.  He was using a fib erglass duct rod with an attached copper wire.  The rod came into contact with a ground bar inside an energized switch gear.  Employee #1 received an electrical shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the electrical shock and burns to his shoulder and both feet.
caught_fatal	At 6:27 a.m. on December 17, 2015, an employee was raising and lowering the dump box of a Ford F-Series dump truck.  The employee was crushed when caught betwee n the truck's frame and it's dump box.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 20, 2014, an employee was getting ready to cut a sect ion of the roof using a Garlock Roof Cutter. The employee fell approximately 16 feet and 7 inches to the ground below with the roof cutter partially landing on top of him. The employee was not protected from falling and sustained an interna l hemorrhage, multiple skeletal fractures, lung damage, and blunt trauma, result ing in his death.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on November 3, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was operating a Comet Radial Arm Pull Saw, Serial Number SG4499, to cut wood two by fours. His hand came into contact with the unguarded saw blade, and two fingers were amputated.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital, where he was treated for the amputations.
electrocution_fatal	On August 11, 2006, Employee #1 was apparently killed by an electrical shock.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 26, 2018, an employee was working for a firm that provid ed technical and technical consulting services to firms that ran chemical proces sing facilities. The employee was standing a fire watch at a refinery. On an adj acent jobsite, a worker for a crane rental company was trying to move his firm's RTC-8075 mobile crane at the refinery. He was retracting one of the crane's out riggers. As he moved the crane's outrigger, it struck an adjacent light plant. T he light plant rotated and came into contact with the employee. The light plant' s outrigger pinned the employee's leg between the outrigger and a support stand for a compressor valve body. The employee sustained a broken leg. He was hospita lized.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 13, 2014, an employee was installing waterproofing mater ial on a concrete wall.  The employee was working with a coworker a P-series Hyd ro Mobile Scaffolding.  They were at a height of approximately twenty feet.  The employee was applying water proofing and the coworker was installing vent flash ing.  Coworker accessed the scaffolding by prying open a temporary wall enclosur e.  The scaffolding platform was approximately 5 feet above the interior floor o f the building, therefore coworker utilized a folding chair to access/climb onto the scaffolding platform. Sometime later, the employee went to descend the scaf folding to obtain materials.  The employee slipped/tripped on the scaffolding wa lking working platform.   He then fell through the open temporary wall enclosure , striking the metal folding chair.  The employee then fell out of the second fl oor wall opening to the ground. He died on the scene as a result of head injurie s sustained in the fall.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:25 p.m. on February 15, 2019, Employee #1, an apprentice, and Employee #2, a foreman/supervisor, both employed by a home builder, were working on a residen tial garage remodeling project.  They were cutting the existing rafter ties, res haping them, and repositioning them to create a higher ceiling.   Employee #1 wa s working from a scaffold, holding the rafter ties while they were cut by Employ ee #2, and then holding the reshaped rafter ties in their new positions while Em ployee #2 nailed them into place.  The rafter ties were not bolted or otherwise sufficiently secured; they were nailed in with four to six 16-penny nails to hol d them in place.   Approximately 15 rafter ties were cut and repositioned in suc cession from the front of the garage to the back.  The roof collapsed, cascading from front to back, as the employees were working on the 15th rafter tie.  Ther e were no effective bracing measures utilized to prevent the load of the roof fr om collapsing.  When the roof collapsed, Employee #1 was pinned between the scaf fold and the roof.   Employee #2, who was working from the fourth rung of an A-f rame ladder, was struck by a falling piece of wood and knocked off the ladder. The employees were transported to the hospital, where Employee #1 was admitted f or treatment of fractures to his left leg tibia and fibula bones.  Employee #2 w as treated for a minor head injury and contusion and was released.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:45 on January 22, 2011, an employee was installing new conductors on a a 7 .2kV power transmission line. He was "clipping in" the new conductors with an al uminum wire.  The de-energized new conductor came into contact with the energize d old conductor while the employee was holding it.  The employee was electrocute d and killed by contact with energized 7.2Kv power transmission line.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 10, 2019, Employee #1 was digging a 5-foot deep trench for a residential utility installation.  The trench collapsed onto the employee.  T he employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a righ t arm fracture.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on September 29, 2011, Employee #1 and three coworkers, all construction laborers, were installing a new metal roof on a pole building with a peak height of 15 feet. A 4,800-volt power line was located near the structure, approximately 4.25 feet from the rake edge, and approximately 7 feet above the eave's edge of the roof. He was installing an 18-ft section of metal trim on the northwest side of the rake edge. A coworker heard a buzzing sound, went to investigate, and found Employee #1 lying on the ground, unresponsive, along with the section of metal trim. Employee #1 and the section of metal trim showed evidence of contact with the energized electrical power line. He was dead at the site. .
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on November 29, 2011, Employee #1 a 45-year-old male with of Har-Bro Inc., was assigned to prepare 2 by 4's for backing of a firestop at the ceiling level. Employee #1 was operating a SkilSaw 7.25-inch Worm Drive Saw, Model Number SHD77M, Serial Number 786124351. Employee #1 and did not utilize saw horses or any other method of securing the 2 by 4 so that he could operate the Saw with both hands on the two handles of the saw. As Employee #1 was notching the 2 by 4, the saw got bound up in the piece of wood, as Employee #1 attempted to remove the saw from the wood, the still-moving blade caught the top of the unsecured 2 by 4, pulling it and the Employee #1's left thumb into the blade. Employee #1 was transported to Desert Regional Medical Center in Palm Springs where he was treated for an amputation of part of his thumb on his left hand. The Employer, Har-Bro Inc., conducts rehabilitation construction activities for residential sites that have been damaged by fire or flood.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on June 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction general contractor, was working at an excavation site.  He was in the trench when a sect ion of the trench sidewall collapsed.  The falling soil struck Employee #1 from behind and pinned his legs and lower back against a manhole.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures of his right foot, left elbow, and vertebrae.
caught_nonfatal	On March 5, 2014, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, of J.R. Pipeline Company, Inc., were engaged in a sewer tunnel rehabilitation project at a sewer/water treatment plant. Employee #1 was riding to the work location in the tunnel, sitting in the bucket of a small skid-steer loader as the loader backed down the tunnel. Coworker #1 was operating the loader. Coworker #1 actuated the control to raise the bucket. Employee #1 struck the top of the tunnel. He was able to exit the tunnel, and was then transported to the hospital. Employee #1 was admitted and treated for injuries to his head and upper torso. This incident was investigated by Cal/OSHA.
struck_fatal	At 8:56 p.m. on February 23, 2015, an employee was replacing a radiator hose on his disabled tow truck on the side of the highway.  The employee began collectin g his safety triangles near a traffic lane when he was struck and run over by a semi-truck.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 8, 2018, Employee #1 was shimming a 2 x 4 underneath a ra ck stand while the subordinate coworker was hitting the stand with a sledge hamm er.  The rebar cage shifted causing the rack stand to fall over, trapping Employ ee #1 between the rebar cage and the horizontal beam of the rack stand.  Employe e #1 was crushed in the torso area and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on January 15, 2021, an employee worked to install waterproof pape r on the roof of a three-story building with a five to twelve slope. At some poi nt, the employee fell approximately thirty feet and was killed due to unspecifie d, blunt force trauma injuries.
caught_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on September 23, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a heavy constructio n company, was operating a powered industrial truck with articulating boom (fork lift).  The truck rolled over down an earthen terrace.  Employee #1 was killed w hen his skull was crushed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:45 a.m. on June 29, 2017, Employee #1 and #2 were removing me tal sheets from the roof of a building. The wind caught the steel panels and for ced them into the nearby overhead power lines. Both employees suffered electrica l shock and fell from the roof. They struck the ground and suffered unspecified fall related injuries. Employee #1 and #2 were transported to a medical center, where they received treatment and were then hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on August 5, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction welding company, was working at a multi-employer construction project, a three-story com mercial building.  He was setting up a ladder to measure and lay out a stairwell landing construction.  The ladder fell through the stairwell hole.  Employee # 1 lost his balance and fell through the hole, a fall height of 10 feet, and stru ck the concrete surface.  Employee #1 sustained multiple injuries, including swe lling of the brain, facial fractures, and a laceration of the forehead.  He was killed in the fall.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on May 13, 2017, an employee was winding the tie down straps on the flatbed trailer while a coworker offloaded bundles of fencing pipes weighing ap proximately 1,400 lbs from the trailer with a forklift.  The employee was struck by a bundle of fencing material that slid off the trailer and suffered several fractures.  The employee later died from his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 25, 2020, Employee #1 was assisting with the changeover and set up of the 2500 hydraulic press. The crew had completed the work, and Em ployee #1 was standing next to the 2500 press while it was being lowered. Employ ee #1's right foot was caught beneath the 2500 Press. He sustained a crushing in jury to his right foot and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 p.m. on April 24, 2019, Employee #1, a plumber employed by a plumbing c ompany, was checking a gas leak at a single family residence. He was working in the backyard near a pool.  The employee pressurized a pipeline.  He then introdu ced an ignition source, closed the pipe, and stood up.  The pipe exploded.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of injuries to his right leg, including abrasion, contusion, and laceration injuries.
fall_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on December 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in roofing work on the roof of a new seven-story multifamily resident ial structure, a multiemployer construction project.  He fell through an uncover ed/unguarded roof hole to the concrete lower level, a fall height of 83 feet.  E mployee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 p.m. on April 20, 2018, an employee was walking across an aisle when he was struck by a forklift being driven by a coworker.  The forklift severely inju red the employee's leg when it ran him over and the employee was killed due to e xcessive bleeding.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on February 22, 2022, an employee assisted a coworker operating a f orklift to put the forks of the forklift under a load. As the coworker began to lift the load of joists, the coworker believed that the load was slipping and at tempted to maneuver the load towards the mast.  The load struck the employee as he attempted to jump off the truck bed. The employee was hospitalized to treat f ractures to the left hip and arm.
caught_nonfatal	On December 11, 2008, Employee #1, a temporary employee with AB/T1, Inc., was operating a standup forklift (Crown narrow aisle reach truck, Model Number 35RRTT, Serial Number W-93686, identified as Number 90). While moving product from one area of the warehouse to another, and as he was approaching an S-shaped route underneath a conveyor, he over-shot a turn. When he attempted to compensate, the lift responded violently and Employee #1 was partially ejected from the operator's compartment. His left leg became crushed between the lift and one of the conveyor's posts and his left foot became pinned beneath one of the lift's wheels. He was hospitalized at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center for foot and leg fractures.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on June 14, 2018, an employee walked into a customer's vault to ass ist in removing a terminator.  The employee came into contact with energized ele ctrical components and sustained multiple contact burns.  The employee was hospi talized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical serv ices company, was engaged in trench work in preparation for the installation of underground electrical lines.  He was dropping 4 by 8 foot shoring boards into t he trench.  A rope attached to a board caught on the back of his hard hat, and h e was pulled into the trench, a fall height of 8 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and tr eated for fractures to his right arm and rope burns (abrasions) to his neck.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on September 6, 2019, two employees were working inside a grain si lo.  Employee #1's wire rope lifeline came into contact with an energized electr ical power line and was electrocuted.  Employee #2 was using concrete tools to s pread and shape concrete inside the silo and was shocked.  Employee #2 was hospi talized and treated for electrical burns.
caught_nonfatal	On November 8, 2011, Employee #1, a construction laborer, was pulling on a dump truck tailgate when he pinched his pinky finger, resulting in a laceration to the finger. He was not hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	On May 11, 2007, Employee #1 and his coworker/foreman were using a two-section metal extension ladder to descend from the roof of a two-story warehouse. Th ladder had been extended to 34 ft. Employee #1 was pulling in the ladder extension when he suddenly encountered a gust of wind. It caught the ladder and blew it into the nearby power lines. The lines were about 12 ft away from the building, and about the same height as the top of the 31 ft tall parapet. Employee #1 was in full cardiac arrest when paramedics arrived on the scene. He was transported to Long Beach Memorial Hospital, where he was pronounced dead. The employee's direct supervisor was not at the work site at the time of the accident, but was aware, according to statements, that the roof was being accessed from the exterior of the building using an extension ladder in proximity to the power lines. The employer was cited for a serious, accident-related violation of T8CCR 2946(b)(2), for employee contact with high voltage lines, and a serious violation of T8CCR 1675(1), for the use of metal ladders in proximity to electrical installations.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:04 a.m. on May 7, 2019, an employee was pulling a load out of a trailer when the roll-up door started to come down.  The employee reached up from the forklift to push the door back up and his finger(s) was caught on the d efective door. The employee sustained an amputation of the thumb and was hospita lized.
struck_fatal	At 5:15 a.m. on July 17, 2018, an employee was driving a loaded 1973 Mack truck with 4500 gallon water tank eastbound uphill on a single lane logging haul road. A loaded chip truck was traveling the opposite direction. The employee in the water truck traveled in a reverse direction down the hill. The right side rear d ual axle traveled approximately 6 feet up on the embankment on the south side of the haul road causing the truck to rollover to the left in the roadway and cont inue rolling down the embankment on the north side of the road. The water truck collided with multiple trees and stumps as it rolled which damaged the roof of v ehicle cab. The truck came to rest on its drivers side approximately 87 feet be low the roadway. The employee sustained blunt force trauma and died.
struck_fatal	At 8:45 p.m. on October 23, 2017, an employee was presumably walking on top of a wall and fell onto a concrete floor. There was no one else on site at that time . The employee sustained blunt force trauma to the head and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on March 16, 2019, an employee was cutting a piece of aluminum with a radial arm saw and amputated the tip of his left thumb when he struck it with the saw blade.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 1, 2017, Employee #1 was working on a construction projec t.  He was using a Skilsaw circular power saw to cut the bottom of a wooden door .  The saw kicked back, and the blade struck his left hand's ring finger.  Emerg ency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation of his finger.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 30, 2002, Employee was installing a new circuit breaker to a switch panel. He was using a pair of insulated needle-nose pliers to remove the busbar insulation when an unprotected part of the pliers contacted the busbar, generating an arc flash. Employee #1 suffered second-degree burns over 20 percent of his upper torso, for whihc he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on May 19, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was preparing to climb down a ladder after working on the roof of a one-story comme rcial building.  He had untied the top of the ladder and removed the bungee cord .  As he started to climb down, the ladder fell.  The employee fell a height of 25 feet.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fall- related injuries.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 25, 2019, Employee #1 was replacing rotted wood, on the edge of a roof, during a construction project.   As Employee #1 stepped onto a joist to steady himself, while removing the plywood, the joist below him collaps ed.  Employee #1 fell approximately nine-and-half-feet, head first, striking the brick pavers below and then landed on the walkway.  As a result of the incident , Employee #1 suffered fatal fractures to the skull and was then pronounced dead at the scene.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 11, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a site preparation contractor, were clearing an area of trees.  Employee #1 was cutting branches from a tree lying on the ground in the processing area.  The coworker, operating an excavator, set another tree in the processing area, but that tree rolled and struck Employee #1's leg.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured leg.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on January 17, 2017, an employee and a coworker were assigned to work together to snake and clear a sewage line within a manhole.  Th e sewage manhole is located approximately 72-inches from SW corner of building " G".  The dimensions of the sewer manhole were 24-inches in diameter by 52-inches deep.  A Genera Mini-Rooter XP was used to snake and clear the clogged drain li ne.  In preparation for this task, employees gathered necessary tools and equipm ent, and staged them adjacent to the manhole. The coworker served as an attendan t and was standing outside of the manhole while the employee entered the sewer m anhole and commenced snaking and clearing the line.  At 3:49 p.m. the employee r equested the coworker to go to the store to purchase water or soda.  The coworke r proceeded to store, which is approximately 216 feet NE of the manhole.  Upon r eturning at about 4:00 p.m., the coworker observed the employee perched on the m anhole, with his legs and feet inside.  As the coworker got closer to the employ ee, he noticed blood coming from the employee's nose, ears, and mouth and reacte d in a panic.  The coworker helped the employee stand up, and assisted him to th e SW exterior wall, where he then sat the employee down.  The coworker yelled fo r help.  An unidentified female answered his plea, and immediately called the em ergency medical services.  Shortly thereafter, medics from the Fire Department a rrived at the scene, checked the employees vitals, and administered cardiopulmo nary resuscitation.  Medics then transported the employee to the Memorial Hospit al for further medical treatment. The employee suffered from skull fracture. It appears that the employee was struck by an unidentified vehicle.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on June 22, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in a residential remodel. He was working from a 4-foot portable ladder and using hand tools to demolish the stucco and interior drywall in the bathroom.  As he pulled backward to remov e ceiling material, he lost his balance and fell backward, striking his head on a bathtub next to the ladder.  He sustained a severe spinal cord injury that res ulted in paralysis.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted f or treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on June 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was operating a forklift, a Terex Telescopic Handler, Model Number TH644C, that was moving a structural steel column measuring 17.7 feet long and weighing 699 pounds.  He was traveling along a 10-degree incline when the machine flipped ont o its side and fell onto Employee #1's leg.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where surgery was performed and his leg was amputated.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:20 p.m. on December 4, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in exterior rehabilita tion work at a multifamily residential building.  With rain expected and roofing work not completed, he was tasked to check the plastic sheeting on the roof.  T he employee accessed the roof with a 24-foot extension ladder and then climbed t o the roof's peak, which had a pitch of 30 degrees (7/12).  He straddled the pea k and was preparing to secure the plastic with a staple gun when he fell, first landing on his feet and then falling to the pavement, a fall height of 26 feet. Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was treat ed in the emergency department for a fractured left cheek bone, a laceration to the left side of his face, and a broken tooth.  The employee was released withou t hospitalization.  The subsequent investigation established that the employee h ad not been trained in fall protection and was not wearing his fall harness.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 9, 2019, an employee was connecting an old conductive wir e to a new conductive wire for replacement. The attaching connector sleeve detac hed from the new wire, causing the new wire to pivot upwards and make contact or come into close proximity to an energized line. An arc flash occurred, burning the employee through his rated flame resistant clothing. The employee was hospit alized from burn injuries to his abdomen, face and head.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 p.m. on December 8, 2021, an employee had been backing a tractor trailer into a dock when he stepped out of the truck to drop the trailer. The truck beg an to roll across the yard and the employee ran toward it attempting to regain c ontrol. The employee was struck and killed by the truck due to unspecified injur ies.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on February 12, 2014, an employee was working as a tractor operator at a vineyard. His employer was a 110-person business engaged in growing grapes. The employee had just begun his shift work. He was using a brush shredder attached to a power take-off (PTO) on the tractor. The employee later said that the brush shredder was malfunctioning. He opened the door guarding the belt and pulley drive to investigate. His right hand was caught between the drive belt and pulley. He sustained injuries including an open fracture to the index finger on his right hand and skin and tendon damage. Emergency medical services were contacted, and they responded to the location. The employee's Supervisor was not present during this incident. The employee was transported to Mercy Southwest Hospital in Bakersfield, CA. He was admitted to the hospital and was an inpatient for three days. The employer notified the Division of the incident at 12:48 p.m. on February 12, 2014. The Division opened an investigation with the employer on March 5, 2014. The investigation concluded that the employee left the tractor, PTO, and brush shredder powered while accessing a guarded area of the machine. It further concluded that this action was the cause of the incident. As a result of the investigation, the Division issued a Serious Accident-related citation for GISO 3441 (a) (2), along with a regulatory and a general citation.
electrocution_nonfatal	On February 21, 1006, Employee #1, an experienced electrician, was performing a side job for a church renting space at a facility. He was changing light switches on a 277-volt, 15-amp system when he was electrocuted. Employee #1 was the sole proprietor and was working on his own.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on September 18, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an e lectrical services company, were working at a campground where a trench was bein g dug for the installation of new electrical service lines. As the coworker was operating a trencher, he hit an unmarked underground power line. Employee #1 wen t to investigate, touched the energized wire, and received an electric shock.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for electric shock and an injury to the opposite sho ulder.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer heavy construction project.  He was climbing dow n a concrete form when he fell, a fall height of 30 feet.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including a fractured right hip, four to six fra ctured ribs, fractures to the right arm, right wrist, and three fingers, a liver laceration, and a contusion to the pancreas.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 19, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, was engaged in rehabilitation work at a commercial building.  He was working fro m a JLG 2632ES scissor lift and installing 24 feet by 2 inches wood rafters.  Th e employee fell, a fall height of 15 feet.  He was transported to the hospital a nd admitted for treatment of a head injury.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 7, 2021, an employee had been cutting metal product and was cleaning the drip edge of the machine when his right hand became caught in the rollers. The employee's ring and middle fingers were crushed, requiring hosp italization.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 24, 2017, an employee was installing strips of bituminous waterproofing materials along the exterior edge of the building's eleventh floo r slab.  The employee had been standing outside of the guardrails and jumped dow n to a platform made up of multi-point suspension scaffolding.  The employee fel l 80 feet from the scaffolding to the concrete slab and the employee was killed.
fall_fatal	On  February 3, 2016, an employee was returning from coffee break when he slippe d getting onto the roof. The employee was climbing back onto the 5 pitch roof, w hen he slipped and fell head first. The employee was not wearing any fall protec tion, and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On June 9, 2005, Employee #1 pulled his truck onto a lot to dump a load of mulch, parking under an overhead power line. He was removing the cover from the load when the metal framework supporting the it struck the power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted. The next morning, a worker for a neighboring company found him on the ground next to his truck.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was preparing to use a concrete bull float to smooth a poured surface.  As he was attaching the float's 6-foot handles, a handle came into contact with a 34,0 00-volt transformer, and the employee sustained an electric shock.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of electri c shock.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a residential building project.  He was working from an aerial li ft and installing exterior insulation on a house.  Employee #1 touched an insula tion panel to an electrical power line service drop and was shocked and burned. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital .  He was admitted and treated for electrical shock and electrical burns to his right hand.
fall_fatal	At 9:21 a.m. on April 15, 2022, an employee was cleaning the roof deck in prepar ation for installation of insulation. The employee moved a cover from a hole in the roof deck and fell through the hole to the second story of the building.  Th e employee fell approximately 47 feet and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 18, 2019, an employee working as a roofer on a single st ory house roof. The employee was carrying a roll of roofing material and attempt ed to step on the inside corner of the "L" shaped roof.  He missed the other sid e of the roof corner and fell eleven feet. The employee was killed by unspecifie d injuries received during the fall.
struck_fatal	At 12:25 p.m. on July 3, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in the renovation of a one-story single family residence.  As the em ployee removed a brick wall, the wall fell and struck him.  Employee #1 sustaine d blunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:55 a.m. on October 1, 2007, Employee #1 was using a truck mounted crane to hoist sheetrock from the trailer to a second floor window at a residential duplex under construction. While hoisting the sheetrock, the boom of the crane contacted a 7,200 volt overhead power line which was 25 ft above the ground. Employee #1 was shocked and was hospitalized for treatment of burns to his left elbow, which had been in contact with the metal armrest of the crane operator's seat.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 23, 2018, an employee was clearing a piece of wood tha t was stuck.  He placed his fingers in the pulley and belt, amputating his finge r
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on May 26, 2018, an employee was working for a wholesaler of recycl able material. He was operating a front end loader to tend to and compact a pile of scrap metal. He stepped from the loader to remove a piece of metal that was wedged between the loader's bucket arm and the front right tire. In the process, he knocked a hydraulic hose lose. The bucket came down on top of him and he sus tained compressive asphyxia due to blunt force trauma. He was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on February 4, 2017, Employee #1 and coworker (crane operator) were tasked with  hoisting/rigging operations involving the staging of metal and str eetlight poles, on the ground next to their designated pole foundations until fu lly erected/mounted.  While the (coworker) raised the boom of a [Manitowoc C-Ser ies Crane], e.g., boom truck crane, Employee #1's (left foot) remained on the (r im) of the crane's rear wheel, and he then grabbed a metal, streetlight pole wit h his (right) hand.  Afterwards, the hoisting cable (on the boom's topside), con tacted high voltage power lines.  Employee #1 then suffered immediate electrical shock, fell to the ground and lost consciousness. He sustained an entry wound ( palm of hand proximal to right thumb) and an exit wound (topside side of his lef t big toe), each resulting in 3rd degree burns.  Employee #1 was wearing standar d PPE, e.g., hard hat, safety glasses, gloves, steel-toed boots, and a reflectiv e class II vest.  Employee #1 was trained in "hoisting and rigging operations", but not Overhead Power Line Procedures.  Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, and then taken to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center. He was admitted and h ospitalized for 1 day.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on July 12, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in exterior maintenance/r epair work at a one-story commercial building.  He was cutting with a portable c ircular saw when the saw kicked back.  The blade struck his left index finger, w hich was lacerated.  According to the investigation report, the employee's finge r subsequently was surgically amputated.   Hospitalization was not required.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:37 p.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contra ctor, was engaged in roofing work at a multiemployer construction project.  He w as applying paper to the roof when he fell, a fall height of 26 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for traumatic brain injury, a fractured pelvis, and multipl e fractured ribs.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 23, 2018, Employee #1 was working from a ladder and inst alling wiring for a commercial electric sign.  He sustained an electric shock an d fell from the ladder.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured ankle.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on September 21, 2018, an employee and coworker were assigned to gr ease the rack of an ALIMAK Rack and Pinion Elevator. The employee climbed onto t he cage of the elevator using a ladder to access the rack. The employee stood on the cage with one hand holding the mast while lubricating the rack. At some poi nt, the coworker used the elevator to go to an upper level. As the elevator car went up, the counterweight came down and struck the employee. The employee recei ved multiple, unspecified contusions and fractures and was taken to a local hosp ital for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 15, 2018, an employee was standing with a saw in hand ne ar his leg. At some point, the saw blade struck the employee's leg and lacerated it.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 10:54 a.m. on January 18, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working in a highway work zone.  He was struck by the counterweight of a n excavator and pinned between the excavator and a concrete traffic barrier.  Em ployee #1 sustained crushing injuries and was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on February 16, 2016, Employee #1 was loading a powe red industrial truck onto a flatbed trailer that was caught on a security camera . He drove the powered industrial truck in reverse onto the inclined flatbed tra iler and parked it on the slightly downward slope of the flatbed with the front facing the dock wall.  He appeared to drop a chain to secure the powered industr ial truck into a chain grab receptacle on the flatbed and then used a ratchet to tighten the chains.  He did not block the wheels of the powered industrial truc k.  He jumped from the driver side of the flatbed and the powered industrial tru ck began to roll and slide off the side of the flatbed.  Employee #1 began runni ng alongside the flatbed next to the moving powered industrial truck when it rol led and slid off striking him.  Employee #1 hit his head on the dock wall as he was crushed by the powered industrial truck and killed.
fall_nonfatal	On November 2, 2013, Employee #1, with Pacific Gas & Electric Company Dba G&E, and a coworker, were setting up portable spot lights to illuminate the inside of a vault. Employee #1 lost his footing and fell approximately nine feet three ins. inside the gas vault. Employee #1 sustained head and hip injuries and was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and underwent treatment for more than 24 hours.
struck_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on January 24, 2017, an employee who was a roofer, was working on the ridge of a roof that was 30 feet from the ground.  He slipped on the ridge w hich was at a 45 degree slope. When the employee caught himself, a roll of Grip Rite eave and valley protector waterproofing hit the employee as it rolled off t he ridge down the hip and valley of the roof on the North West side of the house . At the time the waterproofing material rolled off the roof, the employee was c arrying 2, 20 foot by 3 inch diameter PVC pipes out of the garage to the crawl s pace. The employee was hit on the head and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on March 28, 2016, an employee climbed up an attached ladder to the top ramp of a vehicle transport trailer to get into a vehicle and drive it back wards down the ramp for a delivery.  The employee fell off the top ramp of the v ehicle transport trailer and landed on the street below.   The employee sustaine d head trauma, spinal trauma, and broken ribs from the fall to the asphalt groun d and was killed
caught_nonfatal	"On February 26, 2010, Employee #1, a receiving department worker, was unloading a 53-foot refrigerated van. As Employee #1 was exiting the van with a load of frozen products, the dock leveler hold down mechanism malfunctioned allowing the dock plate to rise. Employee #1 did not have time to stop, causing the trucks wheel to run off the end of the trailer and Employee #1 leg was crushed between the dock plate and a pallet truck frame. Employee #1 fractured his right lower leg when it was caught between the Crown Equipment powered pallet truck and a Rite Hite Corp adjustable dock leveler during the unloading of the refrigerated van. The Operations Manager of Core-Mark International notified the Division of an occupational injury that occurred the morning of February 25 at the Bakersfield, CA facility. Information provided to the Division, supports the dock lever had been experiencing intermittent operational malfunctions for the previous 90 days without repair. "
struck_fatal	Atg 1:00 p.m. on May 16, 2017, an employee was using a tape measure to get a mea surement inside of an unprotected excavation, measuring approximately 6.5 feet d eep, when it collapsed. The employee was struck in the midsection by the collaps ing excavation wall and became buried. The impact of the falling earth crushed t he employee's internal organs, including rupturing his aorta. He suffered severe internal bleeding and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on March 18, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a heavy construction c ompany, was operating an aerial lift at the site of a new one-story metal struct ure.  He was working from the lift's platform and taking overhead measurements w hen he became caught between the lift's structure and the overhead metal structu re.  Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries to his neck and was killed by asphy xiation.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 a.m. on September 25, 2017, Employee #1 and two coworkers were loading old doors and frames into the back of a pickup truck. They were usi ng a truck to transport the doors, frames and to place old material into a dumps ter around the corner of a building. The two coworkers got into the truck and dr ove around the corner. One of the coworkers looked into the rearview mirror and saw Employee #1 lying on the ground. Employee #1 had gotten into the bed of the truck and was riding there when he apparently fell out of the truck, striking hi s head and fracturing his skull on the asphalt. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he succumbed to his injuries and died.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 p.m. on December 10, 2021, an employee was performing his regular job d uties as a shuttle truck driver at an automobile processing and distribution cen ter. The job requires moving stocked 53-foot long van trailers out of docks and replacing them with empty 53-foot long van trailers. The area was under winter s torm warnings throughout the day and into the next day expecting widespread heav y snow and reduced visibility with total expected accumulations of 6 to 14 inche s. The employee parked his yard-dog tractor near one of the bay doors and steppe d out of the truck to remove a trailer jack he needed from the front of a traile r parked at a dock door.  As the employee stepped to the ground he slipped on th e icy pavement in the back trailer lot and fell to the ground.  Unable to get ba ck up, the employee called for help using a two-way radio. The employee had stru ck his head, neck, and shoulders on the ice covered pavement. The employee was h ospitalized to treat nerve damage to his neck and shoulders.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on February 22, 2014, an employee was holding a tag line during the unloading of a septic treatment plant from a truck equipped with a crane. The e mployees were on site to install a septic treatment plant at a business that was replacing a smaller septic tank.  The excavation had been dug and the truck car rying the septic tank got stuck in soft soil when attempting to get into positio n to place the treatment plant in the excavation directly across from the truck. A backhoe was brought to the site to pull the truck out of the mud and into th e desired position.  The attempt to free the truck failed.  The employer decided to unload the treatment plant near the excavation in hopes that with less weigh t on the truck the backhoe would be able to free the truck.  The employer used t he crane mounted on the truck to unload the tank.  There were overhead power lin es the employer had to avoid contacting during this process.  A spotter was used to watch the boom.  Due to the presence of the power lines the angle of the cra ne's boom was low.  The employee was holding a tag line and was positioned betwe en the truck and the treatment plant.  Witnesses state that the plant was approx imately 1.5 feet above the ground when the crane failed.  The employee was struc k on the head by the boom.  Emergency response was called to the site and the em plyee was pronounced dead at the site.  Fractured skull.  Truck mounted crane.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 11, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a site preparation contractor, were clearing an area of trees.  Employee #1 was cutting branches from a tree lying on the ground in the processing area.  The coworker, operating an excavator, set another tree in the processing area, but that tree rolled and struck Employee #1's leg.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured leg.
struck_fatal	At 8:50 a.m. on January 30, 2014, Employee #1, a truck driver employed by a commercial construction general contractor, was about to retrieve a water truck that had been serviced and repaired. The truck was in the truck storage yard of Johnson Machinery Company, a commercial heavy equipment dealer with an onsite truck service and repair facility and storage yard. Based on the subsequent Cal/OSHA investigation, Employee #1 walked behind a truck driven by an employee of Johnson Machinery. The truck, a two-axle six-wheeled 2002 Peterbilt Truck Model 330 License Number 7G13930, was backing up to move out of the way of another truck driven by another Johnson Machinery employee. Employee #1 was walking in a northeast direction in the storage yard when he walked behind the Peterbilt truck and was struck by the rear passenger side portion of the truck's lift gate. Employee #1 was knocked to the ground and then was run over by the rear passenger side wheels. Employee #1 was killed. This fatality was reported to Cal/OSHA by an employer representative at 5:20 p.m. on January 30, 2014. Cal/OSHA's investigation included interviews with the two Johnson Machinery truck drivers, who both stated they did not see Employee #1 walking in the yard at any time up until the fatal event. The report concluded that one of the causal factors was that Employee #1 walked behind a moving vehicle without being visible to the driver.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on May 30, 2014, an employee was riding on a freight elevator from the 1st floor to the 2nd floor. The employee began coughing and fell to the flo or of the elevator as it was moving upward.  The employee's head got head caught between the top of the elevator floor and the bottom of the 2nd floor.  The emp loyee was wearing a hard hat that fell off and down between the wall of the elev ator shaft and the elevator floor to the pit in the basement. The employee was k illed from their injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on May 10, 2022, an employee was disconnecting an air hose coupler from the plasma cutter.  The employee was electrocuted by a plasma utter generat ed direct current and killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on July 28, 2014, Employee #1 was sitting in a windo w opening waiting for coworkers to come for lunch. A hoist came down and struck Employee #1 on his back right side, opening a large wound exposing internal orga ns on his back. Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on September 28, 2016, Employee #1 was preparing a 30 0 pound concrete column form and stepped inside it to modify it.  The column fel l over, struck Employee #1 who then struck his head on the concrete surface.  Em ployee #1 fractured his head and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:15 a.m. on November 19, 2019, Employee #1, a truck driver, pulled off to th e side of the road to check his load. He was struck and killed by a passing moto r vehicle.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on December 16, 2018, an employee was painting a restroom shower s tall while working from a movable scaffold that stood approximately 2 feet above ground level.  He lost his balance and fell backwards.  The employee struck his head on the concrete floor and suffered a fractured skull with bleeding on the brain.  The employee was hospitalized and died five days later.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on May 12, 2020, an employee was using a chop saw to cut steel supp ort pieces. While the employee was working, an overhead, steel truss collapsed o nto the employee, striking his head. The employee was killed by severe head trau ma.
caught_fatal	On November 18, 2009, Employee #1, a truck driver, was removing the straps from a concrete pipe (approximately 40 ft long, 5 ft diameter, and weighing 30,000 lbs) that had just been unloaded from a flatbed truck by two Caterpillar loaders. While he was removing the lift straps, the pipe rolled approximately 31 in., pinning him between a front end loader bucket and the concrete pipe. Employee #1 was crushed and killed. The owner and his son witnessed the incident. On the day of the accident, the ground was muddy from rain.
struck_nonfatal	On January 17, 2018, an employee was cutting a metal fence railing that was unde r extreme tension.  The employee was hit in the face when the railing was releas ed and suffered a broken nose as well as a cracked skull.  The employee was hosp italized.
fall_fatal	At 11:10 a.m. on March 29, 2022, Employee #1 was on a 10-foot high roof throwing old roofing material from the roof to the ground below. Employee #1 told a cowo rker that he was not feeling well.  The coworker told Employee #1 to get off the roof and take a break. Employee #1 took off his personal fall protection harnes s to go down. The coworker observed Employee #1 appearing to look dazed and star ting to shake. Employee # 1 then stepped off the roof and fell 10 feet to the co ncrete walkway below. Employee #1 died from blunt impact to the head, laceration , fracture and dislocation of vertebrae.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on January 22, 2020, Employee #1 was removing fuses from a commerci al building's switchboard and panels in preparation for demolition.  Employee #1 removed one fuse from the main switchboard's 480-volt fuse box.  Upon removing the second fuse, an electric arc flash occurred.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of burns to the face, neck, and both ha nds.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 23, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was operating an aerial lift at a multiemployer construction project and movi ng the lift to another location.  A mechanical failure occurred, and the employe e, who was not wearing a seat belt or other restraint, was catapulted into the a ir.  His head struck the arm of the aerial lift, and he then fell and struck the concrete surface, a fall height of approximately 12 to 16 feet.  The employee w as transported to the hospital, where he was put on life support and treated uns uccessfully for traumatic head injury.  Employee #1 died after being removed fro m life support.
fall_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on June 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a tank maintenance compa ny, was working on a narrow walkway 100 feet up a water tower, which he had acce ssed by the tower ladder.  He removed his fall protection harness to move more e asily along the walkway, which had a handrail.  As he began to gather tools and parts and load them into a man basket, Employee #1 and the basket fell, a fall h eight of 100 feet.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:06 a.m. on September 25, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing work at a residential structure. He stepped back, his foo t caught on the edge of the roof, and he fell to the concrete surface below.  Em ergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for a fractured right leg.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on March 11, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new residential structu re.  He was installing a structural wood beam for an outdoor pergola.  The beam fell from a height of approximately 10 feet and struck the employee.  The employ ee sustained a punctured heart and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 4, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by an electri cal contractor, were using a telescoping industrial truck and a synthetic web sl ing to pull electrical cable from underground.  As Employee #1 rigged the sling to the cable, he positioned his hand between the sling and the load.  The truck operator raised the load.  As the sling was being tightened around the load, the load shifted, and Employee #1's left index finger was caught between the sling and the load.  The finger was degloved.  The employee was transported to the hos pital and admitted for treatment, including amputation of the finger.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on June 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction subcontra ctor at a multiemployer construction project, was carrying tools and equipment a s he climbed a ladder.  He lost his footing and fell, a fall height of 18 feet. The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fract ured leg. [NOTE: this is same incident as #106704 but some facts differ]
caught_nonfatal	At 7:40 a.m. on May 19, 2017, an employee was operating a welding press.  The em ployee leaned forward with their foot on the foot control and caught their finge r in a nip point.  The employee amputated the tip of their right index finger.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 12, 2017, an employee was driving an industrial powered truck in reverse between rack shelves placed 13 feet apart.  The employee ran in to the rack shelf located on his left side catching his left hand in between the industrial power truck and the rack shelf.  His left middle and index fingers w ere crushed resulting in partial amputation of both fingers.
fall_fatal	At approximately 4:30 p.m. on November 19, 2014, an employee/owner was tarping a section of open roofing. The employee fell through a skylight and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on March 8, 2018, an employee was operating a cherry picker pulling product and fell approximately 15 feet.  The employee suffered a concussion, fr actured his leg and forearm, and neck injuries.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At or about or about 9:22 (a.m. or p.m. was not specified) on May 26, 2006, three employees, employed by Metals Etc, Inc., were panel that were in close proximity of the energized buss bars within the electrical panel. The employees cut the six wires using a metal housed, claw type metal shearer, a cutting tool that utilized both hydraulic pressure and 220 volts of electricity for cutting power. The metal shearer weighed 40 pounds and was approximately 2 feet in length. One employee was standing on a 6 foot fiberglass ladder in front of the electrical panel to cut the copper wires, while the second employee was standing in between, and to the side of the electrical panel and the ladder, with both of his arms stretched upwards to support the front of the 40 pound metal shearer six copper wires and either made inadvertent contact with the energized buss bars or, the claws of the shearer were in such close proximity to the energized buss bars that it caused an electrical explosion. Although it was determined, the six copper wires that they were cutting, were not energized, the buss bars within the electrical panel were energized with 440 volts. The Safety Supervisor of the of the two laborers stated that he had a conversation with another company's employee the day before the accident happened at the job site. He stated that the electrical power was cut off within the electrical panel. The employee of the other company denied making that statement. Working under the assumption that the panel was not energized, the Safety Administrator instructed his employees to cut the six copper wires. The Safety Administrator of the two injured employees also stated that he did not test the panel to determine if the panel was energized or not energized, nor did he instruct his employees to test the panel to determine if the panel was energized, or not energized, prior to commencing work and instructing his employees to cut the wires that were in the electrical panel. As a result of the electrical explosion, both laborers received 2nd and 3rd degree burns to their face, neck, chest and arms of their bodies. The Safety Administrator also received splatter burns to his face and arms. After the accident, emergency medical assistance was called. The fire fighters and paramedics arrived shortly after the call. The injured laborers were stabilized and transported by the paramedics to County USC Medical Center Hospital, where they were admitted for days and transferred to Grossmans Burn Center for further treatment. Conclusions: As a result of the investigation, the following conclusions were arrived at: 1) two of the employees working as laborers, were not properly trained to work in electrical panels. 2) The electrical panel was not tested, prior to performing work to determine if it was energized or not energized. 3) The electrical panel was not locked by positive methods or procedures to prevent the unexpected or inadvertent energizing of equipment or appliance. 4) The casual factor leading to the accident was the fact that the metal cutting shearers made inadvertent contact with the buss bars or that they were so close to the buss bars that caused and electrical arc.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on April 23, 2021, an employee attempted to walk from a sidewalk sh ed to a mobile scaffold using planks bridged between the two and fell approximat ely ten feet. The employee was killed by their injuries.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 24, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a road construction company, was working at a bridge maintenance/repair project.   He was examining the road decking and taking measurements when he was struck by a vehicle.  Empl oyee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 15, 2021, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by a c ompany in the solar energy field, were preparing to install new solar panels on the roof of a single-story residence.  Employee #1, the crew leader, was directi ng the work and marking studs when he stepped back onto a canvas tarp that was h ung in the corner where the main house and an addition connected at 90 degrees. The tarp was hung to provide shade to an air conditioning unit that was on the ground immediately below the tarp.  Employee #1 fell through the tarp and struc k the air conditioner before impacting the ground.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to the collarbone and ri bs.  During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that the crew had no t performed an initial hazard assessment and had not used fall protection.
fall_fatal	At 10:02 a.m. on September 6, 2019, Employee #1 and two coworkers were installin g an eve metal cap at the edge of the roof.  As Employee #1 straddled two roof p urlins at the roof's edge, one coworker positioned a scissor lift outside the bu ilding and another coworker climbed the building's horizontal (girts) to assist by holding the eve metal.  As Employee #1 moved, he attempted to grab a purlin, but slipped and fell, approximately, 16 feet 3 inches, head first, to the concre te.  Employee #1 wore no fall protection and as a result, suffered severe head t rauma and a fractured skull.  He was then pronounced dead at the hospital.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:14 a.m. on August 18, 2016, an employee was erecting an aluminum ladder to paint a metal roof when it contacted an overhead power line.  The employee was e lectrocuted and died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on December 29, 2017, an employee was repairing an electric line fe eder when he inadvertently contacted a 4 KV energized line. He sustained an elec trical shock, resulting in the employee receiving first and second degree burns to his back, right side, and left arm. The employee was hospitalized for his inj ury.
struck_fatal	At approximately 6:45 p.m. on June 12, 2015, Employee #1 and coworkers were towi ng a jib of a hydraulic crane. They folded the lattice jib to the boom and unpin ned the jib at its base.  The jib was not appropriately secured, nor pinned to t he boom. The tip fell onto the Employee #1, killing him.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 19, 2017, an employee was working for a crop farm. He wa s repairing a truck. He was replacing a damaged hydraulic line, which involved f astening and tightening fasteners on the new hose. The truck had a tipping, or t ip, bed. The hose was located behind the cab. It was just under the tip bed of t he truck, between the truck cab and the frame. The bed was elevated, so that the employee could access the hose. The employee was working between the frame of t he truck and its bed. The bed was not secured or blocked with a mechanical stop. The bed fell, striking the employee and pinning him between the frame and the b ed. He was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:56 a.m. on February 27, 2017, an employee was walking near a dock when he was struck by a forklift that was driving in reverse out of a trailer. The emplo yee sustained a broken leg, which he was hospitalized and underwent surgery.
fall_fatal	At 1:59 p.m. on April 6, 2016, an employee was climbing or descending from a hom emade wooden straight ladder. The ladder slipped and the employee fell to the gr ound, striking his head and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 24, 2019, an employee was loading a cable driven roll of f dumpster. At some point, the cable kinked and the employee attempted to free t he kink with the left hand. The employee's left thumb became caught between the cable and roller and amputated the employee's thumb at the first knuckle. The em ployee was hospitalized to treat the injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on April 2, 2019, an employee assisted in the measurement of a fibe rglass skylight panel to be replaced with a metal panel. At some point, the empl oyee fell through the skylight, approximately two-stories, and was injured. The employee was hospitalized to treat an elbow fracture, strained back, bruised che st/ribs and bruised abdomen.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on April 11, 2015, an employee was towing a stranded 2003 Kenworth Concrete Mixer Truck, VIN# 1NKWL0EX73J893708, using a Caterpillar CAT 928H Front End Loader.  The employee attached a 2-foot section of .5 diamete r chain fed through the tow coupler and looped against itself to the stranded tr uck.  After 45 minutes of towing, the tow chain broke sending the D-ring and tow rope flying towards the loader. The D-ring of the tow rope struck the 6-inch ro und exhaust pipe of the CAT 928H loader deflecting it toward the employees cab. The D-ring broke through the rear window, struck the employee in the back of th e head, and punched through their head and the windshield before finally coming to rest near the bucket of the loader.  The employee was pronounced dead on scen e by responding emergency personnel.
electrocution_nonfatal	On November 29, 2010, Employee #1 was working for his employer, a company which installs fabrics on walls for commercial businesses. Employee #1 was using a table saw manufactured by Ridgid (Serial Number 080107306) to cut 3-inch strips from MDF (medium density fiberboard) wood that was 2 feet long, by 2 feet, 0.5 inches wide, by 0.75 inches thick. Employee #1 indicated that he had completed cutting the strips but hadn't turned off the table saw. He turned and intended to get another piece of MDF from the floor, when his hand hit and lifted the guard. His index and middle fingers touched the rotating blade and were partially amputated. Employee #1 indicated that he was using a hood guard over the blade and a push stick, while cutting. During the inspection, the Division observed that the table saw had a guard over the blade that included a splitter and an anti-kickback device. Employee #1 indicated that he had been trained to use the table saw, but he wasn't aware where his hand was in relation to the blade. Employee #1 was treated and released at Placentia-Linda Hospital. On November 30, 2010, the employer called the Santa Ana District Office to report the serious injury.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on March 6, 2017, Employee #1 was troubleshooting a clogged hose o n the back of a trailer. A commercial vehicle struck the back of the truck, whic h surged forward and struck the employee, causing blunt force trauma to his legs and torso, killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 22, 2010, Employee #1, an engineer, inspected an energized 23,000-volt load break switch and transformer, and he came in contact with an energized component of the load break switch. This contact caused an arc flash and blast. Employee #1 suffered second and third degree burns to his head, arm and hand. He was hospitalized for treatment. .
electrocution_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on July 16, 2018, an employee was installing siding on a church. As he was moving the metal ladder he was using, it made contact with an electrical line and the employee was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 p.m. on January 20, 2016, a 43 year old employee was welding the roof o nto the lip of a tank and fell 45 feet from a scaffold. After removing a 2 foot by 12 scaffold board, in order to access the platform, it is assumed the employe e unhooked and removed their harness and then continued to work without replacin g the 2 foot by 12 scaffold board back into place.  The employee stepped too clo se to the opening in the access point area, which resulted in the fall of 45 fee t.  The employee was killed from blunt head and neck injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 15, 2018, Employee #1 was installing a new light fixture. Th e employee was rewiring a connection to the new lighting fixture when he made co ntact with the existing electrified wiring and was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:20 a.m. on February 19, 2019, Employee #1, a site foreman/supervisor employ ed by an electrical contractor, was engaged in electrical work as part of an off ice building rehabilitation.  He was preparing to add an additional electrical c ircuit to an office area.  The supervisor was removing  the break blank cover fr om a 400 amperes electrical panel board when the cover inadvertently contacted e nergized electrical equipment in the panel board.  An arc flash occurred that bu rned the supervisor's hand, arm, and face.  He was transported to the hospital a nd admitted for treatment of second and third degree burns.  The subsequent inve stigation determined that the supervisor did not isolate/lock/disconnect the ene rgy source to the panel board before removing the cover.
caught_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on December 15, 2014, Employee #1 was unloading rolls of printing p aper from a flatbed truck onto an elevator. The flatbed truck was parked in a na rrow alley way that was on a slight incline.  When the employee removed the stra ps from around the paper to place them onto the elevator, the truck began to rol l. The employee became stuck between the truck and the wall in the alley, and wa s rolled down the wall 20 feet before the truck came to a stop. Employee #1 suff ered a fractured pelvis and trauma to his internal organs. The employee later di ed from the original injuries.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on February 15, 2020, an employee was working from an aerial lift basket to remove bridge column formwork. At some point, the employee was having trouble removing a section of plywood form and stepped out of the aerial lift ba sket without connecting his life-line to an anchor point. As the employee steppe d onto the plywood platform, the surface shifted and the employee fell approxima tely thirty feet. The employee was hospitalized with a punctured lung, fractures to the left arm and leg, but later died of his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:30 p.m. on November 1, 2021, an employee began to move a ladder to store it as part of clean up operations at a jobsite. As the employee moved the ladder, the ladder became energized due to its close proximity to a live, overhead, powe rline. The employee was electrocuted and killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on March 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was using an impact gun and torquing/twisting the bolts on a section of the bott om panel of a transmission structure that had been placed on temporary spacers. The upper panel, which was not properly secured, slowly lowered and struck the employee's head, which was pinched between the two panels.  Emergency services t ransported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of head and face injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:33 p.m. on March 29, 2021, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a power line construction company, were working outside a residence.  They were assigned to install a de-energized 7,300 kilovolt secondary electrical service line at a height of approximately 25 feet.  Employee #1, working from an insulated bucket , was preparing the line.  His coworker, working from a second bucket, went down to ground level to retrieve two electrical hot sticks.  As the coworker was goi ng back up to assist Employee #1, he saw a flash of light and ducked into his bu cket.  Upon looking up, the coworker observed Employee #1 hanging over the bucke t, his body all in smoke.  Employee #1 either made contact with or came in close proximity to the energized electrical line.  He was killed by electrocution, ha ving sustained a severe electric shock and burns to his head, face, chest, arms, and abdominal area.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on August 6, 2019, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by an H VAC company, were loading copper steel pipes onto a truck bed outside the employ er's warehouse/shop area.  They were using a forklift and an 8-foot sling strap to load a 26-foot, 494-pound pipe when the strap slipped off the fork, causing t he pipe to fall and crush Employee #1's arm.  Employee #1 was transported and ad mitted to the hospital for treatment of a fractured arm.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:40 a.m. on January 12, 2022, an employee and coworker stood on a beam and joists of a second level frame of a new construction residence. The employee and coworker carried a beam while walking on the frame when the employee lost grip of the beam, which then struck the employee on the chest, and caused the employe e to lose balance and fall approximately eleven feet and nine inches. The employ ee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat a fractured left arm (humerus ).
struck_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on December 20, 2021, an employee was cutting a tree limb with a po le saw. The tree turned over and rolled, striking the employee with a limb. The employee was hospitalized to treat a fracture to the hip.
caught_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on April 26, 2017, Employee #1, a 39 year old male, was operating a Caterpillar Skid Steer track loader. He exited the machine. Employee #2 who wa s operating the wheel loader picked up a bucket of mulch to be dumped into the t ub grinder. During this process, the wheel loader backed up exposing Employee #1 to struck-by and crushing hazards by the rear bumper of the wheel loader. Emplo yee #1 was struck by and caught between the exterior of the skid steer and the r ear of a Caterpillar Front End Loader and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 11, 2018, an employee was standing on an 8 foot step lad der and lost his balance, falling to the concrete floor.  The employee suffered massive blunt force trauma to his head and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on December 10, 2010, employees of two businesses were moving sand on Venice Beach in Los Angeles, CA, adjacent to Rose Ave. One of the employers was a small general contractor grading and earthmoving business with nine employees. Employee #1, the Caterpillar scrapper operator, was an employee of the small general contractor grading and earthmoving business. The Caterpillar scrapper Employer #1 operated became stuck on a sand berm. Employees of both businesses decided to use a Caterpillar D6T tractor, serial number T-15601, to attempt to push the Caterpillar scrapper off of the sand berm. The Caterpillar tractor operator and Employee #1 left their vehicles to discuss the best procedure to move the stuck scrapper. The Caterpillar D6T tractor operator did not set the parking brake prior to exiting the vehicle. Employee #1 observed the Caterpillar D6T tractor rolling toward the ocean and attempted to climb onto the moving Caterpillar track to reach the parking brake. Employee #1 was pulled into the space between the Caterpillar track and the body of the tractor. Employer #1's supervisor was not present at the time of the accident. Employee #1 sustained broken ribs and was hospitalized for less than 24 hours for observation. At approximately 3:15 p.m. on the same day, the Division of Occupational Safety and Health (DOSH) in Los Angeles received a report of the accident from the Los Angeles County Fire Department. At approximately 4:30 p.m., DOSH responded to the site to conduct an investigation. The employer received a citation for failure to set the parking brake on the Caterpillar D6T tractor.
caught_fatal	On April 10, 2013, Employee #1 was operating a millwright lumber mill. The employee was clearing a jam in the conveyor while the conveyor was running and he was caught between the drive belt and the tail drum. Employee #1 suffered crushing injuries to his legs and torso. The employee was transported to an area hospital, where he died from his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:04 a.m. on March 7, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in framing activities at a new commercial construction project on hi s first day at work.  As he was walking on unsecured joists, he fell, a fall hei ght of 9 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured left leg.
electrocution_fatal	Two crews and a supervisor were connecting a secondary main. One crew was making a connection in a service box south of a manhole. The other crew was making a connection in the manhole. The manhole crew discovered oil on the ground, probably from a leaking cable or joint. The crew also noticed that several feeders in the manhole were already wrapped with sorbent pads and plastic. The supervisor reported the conditions, and the crew was going to rewrap all the feeders, take a sample, and have the manhole cleaned before connecting the secondary main. Two workers entered the manhole and began wrapping the energized feeders. During the rewrapping process, one of the feeders faulted. The ensuing electric arc severely burned the two workers. One of them was able to get out of the manhole on his own, and emergency personnel removed the other injured worker. Both injured workers died several days later from complications related to their injuries. Three other workers on the scene, including two emergency responders, were treated for smoke inhalation. Several other workers were treated for trauma. (None of the nonfatally injured employees were listed on injury lines on the original form.) Investigation revealed that employees in one division of the electric utility were regularly wrapping leaky feeder cables and joints while they were energized. According to the utility, that activity had been going on for years unbeknownst to higher levels in the company. Apparently, that division misinterpreted company policy regarding work on energized cables.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 1, 2019, an employee was directing the flow of concrete while pouring a new foundation using a pump hose. While pouring the concrete, a coworker operating the boom pump, made contact with a 13kv overhead electrical line. When contact was made the employee was killed by electrocution due to the voltage passing though the pump hose he was holding.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in roofing work at a residential structure.  He was on the roof and c arrying roofing tiles to the roof's edge, where he threw them into a trash trail er.  Employee #1 turned and began walking back to the pile of roofing tile.  He slipped and fell, a fall height of approximately 9 feet.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured right ankle.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a dr ywall construction company, were working at a multiemployer construction project , a new multifamily residential building.  Employee #1 was on a second floor wal k platform and handing a ladder down to Coworker #1.  Employee #1 impacted the p latform's guardrail, the guardrail came apart, and he fell to the concrete surfa ce.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital.  He was admitted and treated for a hip fracture and a head laceration.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 19, 2016, an employee was preparing to remove the garag e roof of a 4 unit apartment complex. He stepped on decomposed sheeting, lost ba lance, and fell nine feet onto a concrete driveway. There were no witnesses. The employee sustained head trauma and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On July 13, 2004, Employee #1 was digging under a building so he could repair plumbing leaks when contacted an energized underground power line and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 4, 2022, an employee was removing structural supports from a garage.  The building collapsed and fell on him. The employee broke his neck and was killed when the entire roof of the garage being demolished unexpectedly collapsed. A coworker was also injured. An engineering survey was not performed by a competent person prior to allowing garage demolition operations to begin. T he walls and attic floor of the garage were not braced and the employee and cowo rkers were allowed inside the garage, after the wall sheathing, iron pipe suppor ts and house connections had been removed or cut.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a residential construction site.  He was standing on wood forms and pouring concrete when he fell and landed on a metal rebar stake that was hol ding a wood form in place.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a puncture wound t o the buttocks.
fall_fatal	At 9:20 a.m. on October 28, 2017, an employee installing sheathing on a single-s tory garage roof with a steep pitch. The employee was installing roof sheathing without fall protection and fell. The employee struck his head on ground and was transported to hospital. He later died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on September 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a mechanical and e lectrical services company, was working from a ladder inside a mechanical room a t a commercial building site and checking wiring in preparation for setting up t he circuit breaker box with new wiring locations.  He came into contact with an energized wire he believed was non-energized.  The ensuing electric shock threw the employee off the ladder, resulting in additional injuries.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for electric shock and fract ures to his left scapula, right shoulder, and left hip.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 1:25 p.m. on March 14, 2017, an employee was on roof, picking u p roofing debris. The employee slipped and fell 22.5 feet.  The employee was not wearing any personal fall protection equipment and was outside of the flagging area of six feet for flat roofs greater than 50 feet in. The employee fractured several vertebrae and had multiple bruises. He was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on November 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was operating a  Bobcat with a snow plow attachment.  He was plowing snow wh en the foot pedals became frozen.  The employee attempted to release the pedals by pressing down on them.  The employee became caught in the equipment and was k illed.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on January 15, 2019, an employee was installing plywood sheathing o n a roof and fell approximately 17 feet.  The employee was hospitalized and died two days later.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction contract or, was working at a multiemployer construction project for a residential buildi ng.  He was performing clean-up work, carrying approximately 30 to 35 pounds of sheetrock leftovers and debris along a raised wooden walkway from the work platf orm to a dump truck.  The walkway, which was composed of plywood, broke, and Emp loyee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 15 inches.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for head, neck, back, and leg injuries.  Employee #1 was reported to be unable to move his legs, hands, and neck.
struck_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on September 13, 2016, an employee was burning (cutting with propan e torch) away a section of the water tank roof. The employee was burning the sec ond section of the water tank roof and the entire roof collapsed taking the empl oyee with it to the ground. The employee died on September 22, 2016 from lacerat ions to the back of the head, broken neck, and broken back.
struck_fatal	At 5:45 p.m. on February 6, 2017, an employee was preparing a flatbed trailer to transport equipment.  The employee was struck by a flatbed trailer ramp and the initial report did not provide any description of injuries sustained.
caught_fatal	On May 28, 2013, Employee #1 was manually adjusting the air suspension on the semi-truck to get the trailer to hook up to the truck. As he made the adjustment, the truck rolled back and pinned him between the trailer and rear of the truck, causing asphyxiation.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 5, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor , was engaged in roofing rehabilitation work at a commercial building.  The empl oyee, who was not using any form of fall protection, fell from the roof, a fall height of 20 feet, and struck his head on the concrete surface.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 6:30 a.m. on July 9, 2015, Employee #1 was unloading material f rom a steel conex container. As he worked, material fell on him pinning him agai nst the steel conex wall. The employee was killed when the material crushed his upper body, including his chest and abdomen.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:45 a.m. on September 9, 2016, three employees were upgrading a sewer line from a 4 foot to a 6 foot main line. Employee #1 and a coworker we re working inside the trench leading from the driveway of a residence using shov el to move loose dirt from under the pace pipe. The trench was at least six feet deep when it collapsed. Employee #1 was standing on the west side of the trench facing the right side of the trench wall. Employee #1 noticed that the trench w all was about to cave-in and pushed the coworker out of the way. Employee #1 bec ame engulfed and pinned from the chest down and sustained blunt force trauma to the body resulting in a fractured neck and severed cervical spinal cord, subarac hnoid hemorrhage with contusions and abrasions. The employee was killed from the ir injuries. The trench was about 2 feet wide and about 23 feet long. The depth of the trench was in excess of 6 feet deep. A trench box was located in the yard at the time of the accident and the protective system was not able to fit in th e trench.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was hanging drywall at a jobsite.  He was working from a Baker scaffold when he fell, a fall height of 8 feet.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to th e hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractured vertebrae.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on December 22, 2021, an employee, a delivery driver,  arrived at a customer's residence to deliver three liquid propane gas (LPG) compressed gas c ylinders that each weighed 71 pounds. The employee backed his truck into the pro perty parallel to a retaining wall where the cylinder storage area was on the si de of the house. The employee lowered the lift gate of the truck to approximatel y 32 inches and used a wooden plank on the customer's site, approximately 9 inch es wide, to bridge across from the gate to the storage area. The employee then l oaded the three empty cylinders from the site onto the truck using the wooden pl ank to roll the cylinders on by their foot ring. The employee then repeated this process to load two out of three of the full tanks to the storage area. As the employee was rolling the third LPG cylinder, he switched his footing on the bloc ks lining the retaining wall and slipped and fell onto the plank and then onto t he ground. The customer heard the noise and came outside and the employee asked him to call for emergency medical services. EMS arrived and transported the empl oyee to a local medical Center, where x-rays discovered fractures of the right 5 th, 6th, 7th ribs, a xiphoid fracture, and had a small right pneumothorax. The e mployee was admitted for management of the pneumothorax and pain.
struck_fatal	At 1:43 p.m. on September 25, 2019, an employee was delivering quartz slabs to a workplace and was removing the winch straps that were holding them in place on a trailer.  The employee was struck by the slabs when they fell off of the trail er and was killed.
struck_fatal	On March 17, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection company, was workin g on the first floor of a new two-story commercial building, a multiemployer con struction project.  A crane carrying a load of wood forms for concrete was movin g the load overhead.  The load came loose and fell, striking and crushing Employ ee #1.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 p.m. on February 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a municipal public services department, was cleaning out a large "hot box" hopper used for asphalt pothole repair.  The employee raised the lid of the box using a remote control d evice.  He apparently stood too close to the hopper while the hopper lid was ope n.  As he raised the hot box to empty its contents, the heavy mechanical steel l id slammed shut, striking the employee in the head and face.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment o f a broken nose, concussion, a back of the head laceration that required staples , and a laceration under the right eye that required stitches.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y specializing in grain storage, was in the process of constructing a storage st ructure.  He was kneeling on the ground and working with a metal rafter which la y flat on the ground.  A gust of wind blew another nearby rafter, which struck a nd fell on top of Employee #1.  Employee #1 was pinned between the two rafters. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital .  He was admitted and treated for a fractured foot, a fractured cheekbone, and facial lacerations.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 23, 2016, a worker was working from a scaffold that was b eing supported by a forklift, to complete a roofing job, when he fell and was ki lled.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 31, 2018, Employees #1, #2, and #3, and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a drywall construction company, were preparing to install drywa ll to the ceiling of a pool party room, part of a multiemployer construction pro ject, a new multifamily residential building.  They were on a scaffold platform that had been loaded with approximately 30 sheets of 4 by 8 drywall, each weighi ng approximately 85 pounds.  Also on the platform were a superintendent for the general contractor and a foreman for the framing contractor.  The center of the platform collapsed over the scaffold's center truss, and Employees #1, #2, and # 3 fell with the falling scaffold planks, a fall height of approximately 13 feet. Emergency services were called, and the three employees were transported to th e hospital.  Employees #1 and #2 sustained ankle fractures that required hospita lization.  Employee #3 was treated and released.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:50 p.m. on June 19, 2018, an employee was installing shingle siding and he fell from the end of the scaffold.  The employee struck the ground and fractured his arm, pelvis, and vertebra.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:15 p.m. on September 17, 2004, Employee #1, an apprentice wireman for an electrical contractor, was working at job site in Arcadia, CA. He was getting ready to install a lighting fixture in the ceiling near a large window, but needed to know whether the 277-volt circuit was energized. He used a 9 ft 7 in. tall fiberglass A-frame stepladder to pull the electrical conduit down from the ceiling. The wiring was capped with fittings known as "Wagos" that enclose the conductors and have small openings at the tip that allow them to be probed with an electrical tester. Employee #1 was holding the conduit in his left hand and was using a Fluke electrical tester to probe the Wago fitting when his hand slipped off its insulated handles and contacted the approximately 1/8 in. conductive piece outside the fitting. His right middle finger received an electric shock that caused him to fall from the sixth step of the ladder to the ground. He suffered a fractured right femur, for which he was hospitalized. Employee #1 was not wearing non-slip gloves at the time of the accident, which violated the employer's rules. The gloves, though partially made of natural rubber, were not approved for electrical work on circuits greater than 250 volts to ground. Employee #1's supervisor, a general foreman, was at the work site but not in the area at the time of the accident. The employer was cited for a violation of T8CCR 2320.2(a)(4) based on a lack of knowledge about the hazard.
caught_fatal	At approximately 12:01 p.m. on June 14, 2013, Employee #1, a mechanic, was working alone, assigned through a work order to inspect the floor assembly and to repair the rear doors of a peerless trailer positioned with four other trailers. Employee #1's coworker was working on a engine of a truck parked in the same area. The coworker took a break from his work and approached the rear of the trailer Employee #1 was working on, The coworker looked to his right, and saw Employee #1 pinned from the head down between the rear roll over bar of a fork lift and the front northwest corner of the trailer directly behind the trailer Employee #1 was working on. The coworker yelled for help and went to Employee #1, pulling the forklift away from the front northwest corner of the trailer up to the rear of the trailer. As Employee #1's coworker pulled away from the front northwest corner of the trailer, Employee #1 became free and fell to the ground. The local county Fire Department Paramedics attempted to revive Employee #1 and transported Employee #1 to a local area hospital. At the hospital, Employee #1 was pronounced dead. The cause of death,cardiac arrest, was caused by the blunt traumatic head and chest injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was installing a prefabricated chimney on the roof of a two-story residential building.  He lost his footing and fell from the roof, a fall height of 12 feet. After landing on the ground, he stumbled back and fell against a concrete wall , striking his head against the wall.  Emergency services were called, and Emplo yee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injurie s related to the fall.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 14, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, w as engaged in repainting the exterior of a residential structure.  He was workin g from a ladder and hanging plastic in preparation for painting when the ladder slipped.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 16 feet, and struck the concrete su rface.  He sustained blunt force traumatic injuries, including multiple fracture s, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:20 p.m. on April 6, 2018, an employee was realigning a conveyor belt and us ed his right foot to push the belt.  The employee caught his foot in the machine 's rollers and fractured both bones in the employee's lower right leg.  The empl oyee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, wa s working at the construction site for a new two-story residential structure.  H e was standing on top of the first floor framing and unstrapping a bundle of tru sses when the trusses slipped.  As the trusses began to fall, they caught Employ ee #1's foot, and he fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for a knee injury.
caught_nonfatal	Employee #1 was helping to move a stainless steel round tank from the sludge control basement out to the lifting area to be lifted out. The tank was being moved manually on rollers. The tank had about 6 feet to go when it would be in the correct location for a crane to lift it out of the basement. While pushing the tank, Employee #1's finger got caught between the flange of the tank and the outside corner of a 8 inch steel elbow.
caught_fatal	On June 11, 2009, an employee was removing forms from a poured concrete foundation when the dirt wall behind him collapsed. The employee was pinned against the foundation and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on February 2, 2018, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a municipal public works department, were working at the public works yard. Employee #1, operator of a John Deere 544G Number 30 front end loader, and Cowor ker #1, a mechanic, were instructed by Coworker #2, the supervisor, to work toge ther to replace the roll pin on the right plunger of the front end loader.  Duri ng the repair, no lockout/tagout procedure were performed and Employee #1's left middle finger became caught in the equipment as the hydraulics cycled.  Emergen cy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for two fractures to the finger.  He then was released without ho spitalization..
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on December 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was engaged in demolition work at a multifamily residential structure.  He was w orking at an elevation when he attempted to descend by moving onto the forks of an industrial truck, Toyota Model # 7FGCU15 Serial Number: 68186.  Employee #1 f ell, a fall height of approximately 14 feet, and struck his head and left arm ag ainst the asphalt surface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for his head and arm injuries .
fall_fatal	At 7:30 p.m. on June 13, 2016, an employee was killed after falling 13 ft. throu gh a skylight to the concrete floor. The employee was removing steel roof panels along with skylights with other employees on the roof of a steel building. The weather was hot outside and exterior lights were being utilized to provide illum ination for the workers. Lights were also turned on inside the building to illum inate the location of the skylights. The roof had a slope of 1/2 to 12 and eve t o ground height was 12 ft., the distance from the ground to the peak of the roof was 14 ft. After removing a steel roof panel, the employee was cutting insulati on under that panel while kneeling on a steel panel that ran parallel to a skyli ght.  After cutting the insulation, the employee stepped back or fell backward o nto a skylight and fell through. The skylight the employee was working around wa s not covered or guarded. The employee suffered multiple internal injuries inclu ding fractures.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:10 a.m. on January 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction contra ctor, was working at the construction site of a five-story commercial building. He was removing strapping material from a trailer when he was struck by a rolli ng rough terrain forklift.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured jaw.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 p.m. on October 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was engaged in interior painting at a commercial building.  He climbed a rolling scaffold that measured 10 feet long to access an overhead pipe located on the c eiling above a stairwell landing between the 23rd and 24th floors.  He taped the pipe in preparation for painting and then descended the scaffold.  Employee #1 slipped and fell, either while descending the scaffold or while in the stairwell .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured cheekbone.
fall_fatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on November 17, 2017 an employee was up on a roof, a t the very top, painting corbels when he started to climb down a step ladder he laid across the top of the roof.  As he was climbing down the ladder, the ladder slid down the roof, and the employee fell approximately 9 feet from the edge of the roof to the concrete ground below.  The employee sustained blunt force trau ma to his head resulting in fatal injuries.  The cause of the accident was failu re to provide employees with fall protection, improper use of ladders and failur e to train employees in the safe use of ladders.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on February 21, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a co nstruction company, were preparing to install a window at a new building.  Emplo yee #1 was assisting the coworker, who was the onsite foreman, to transport a 19 feet by 5 feet window frame from a laydown yard on the north side of the buildi ng to the south side of the building.  The foreman was operating a Telehandler f orklift to transport the window frame.  The suspended load was kept stable by Em ployee #1 walking alongside the forklift while placing his hand on the suspended load.  The foreman attempted to make a turn with the forklift.  He was not awar e that Employee #1 was in extremely close proximity to the front of the forklift .  Employee #1's left foot was run over by the forklift's right front tire.  Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a crushed and fractured ankle.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 30, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a water and sewer line construction company, were drilling to replace the water lines t o houses along a roadway.  The Vermeer D10x15 horizontal directional drill's vic e clamp needed repair.  As the coworker sat on the drill's operator seat, Employ ee #1 put his hand in the vice to align the clamp.  The machine activated and cl osed the drill clamp on Employee #1's fingers.  Employee #1's right index finger was amputated, and the right middle finger was severely lacerated.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment of the finger injuries.  During the subsequent i nvestigation, it was established that the drill had not been locked out prior to the attempted repair.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on June 19, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in forming work at a comm ercial site.  He was using a SkilSaw circular saw to rip a piece of 2-foot by 4- foot wood when the saw kicked back and caught his left hand.  The employee was t ransported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of lacerations to tendons in his fingers.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on February 14, 2017, an employee was riding on an electric pallet truck.  The employee made a turn and struck his left leg with the handle/steeri ng bar of the pallet truck.  The employee suffered a contusion to his leg but wa s not hospitalized.
caught_fatal	On December 30, 2011, Employee #1 was working with a conveyor machine, when he was caught in a moving conveyor. Employee was pronounced dead at the scene.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:37 p.m. on October 11, 2016, and employee was removing nails where the porch roof was attached to the house. The porch roof broke off from th e house and the employee fell 25 feet to the ground. The employee was not wearin g any personal fall arrest equipment and the  employee suffered from massive tra uma to body and head and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on May 13, 2019, Employee #1 was performing a concrete form assemb ly for a wall at a residential construction project.  Working from a scissor lif t at a height of approximately 20 feet, he was inserting coil-rods into a wooden form with ?-inch pre-drilled holes.  The employee was wearing Atlas 370 nitrile coated nylon gloves.  Employee #1 inserted the 5-foot long threaded fiberglass coil rod into a DeWalt 20 V Max cordless power drill/driver and tightened by usi ng the chuck, similar to the way a bit is inserted into a drill.  Then, the empl oyee used his left hand to hold the drill/driver and his free right hand to guid e the coil rod into the hole of the form.  The tip of the employee's glove becam e caught in the threads of the fiberglass coil rod, and the glove was spun aroun d the coil, twisting tightly and amputating a portion of the right index finger. The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the amputation of the index finger at the distal interphalangeal joint with residua l bone fragments.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on January 7, 2019, an employee unhooked his lanyard and was about to egress from the roof via ladder.  Te employee lost his footing, slid off of t he roof and fell 42 feet.  He struck a palm tree then continued to fall to the s urface. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 21, 2017, an employee was standing on a scaffold and r emoving banding from a cube of bricks. The employee fell approximately 13 feet b etween the scaffold and the building surface where he was installing bricks. The employee struck a wooden patio with loose bricks and fractured his spine, which he was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on February 26, 2019, an employee was dropping off a load of metal grain bin pieces to be galvanized. The employee drove a 53 foot Jim Hawk semi-tr ailer to the designated unloading area of the processing facility and exited the vehicle. As the employee removed the Kinedyne cargo straps, a metal catwalk pie ce, weighing approximately 3,000 pounds, fell from the trailer and struck him. T he employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on April 17, 2014, Employee #1 was working on a roof and was not wearing any fall protection. Employee #1 fell and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on July 20, 2017, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a roofing c ompany, were engaged in roofing work at a residential building construction site .  They were installing roof shingles when lightning struck the roof and made co ntact with all three employees.  Emergency services were called to transport the injured employees to the hospital for treatment of electrical shock and burns. The subsequent investigation report indicated that Employees #1 and #2 required admission and hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 13, 2018, an employee was walking across a roof when a portion of the roof the employee was on collapsed. The employee fell through th e panel and received multiple, unspecified bone fractures. The employee was hosp italized for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:31 a.m. on January 5, 2022, an employee and coworker shoveled concrete nea r a boom lift (JLG Boom Lift Model #460SJ) operated in reverse by another cowork er. The employee crossed the path of the lift and was tripped by one of the lift tires and subsequently was runover at the left calf and ankle. The employee was taken to a hospital to treat a left ankle fracture and was treated without hosp italization.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on September 26, 2017, an employee and a coworker were welding the patch when a collection of brine or hot water splashed onto his face, chest, bac k, and right arm.  The employee was flown to UCSD Burn Center where he was hospi talized for 8 days.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:45 a.m. on May 4, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an electrical serv ices company, were engaged in an electrical voltage verification at a job site. They were attaching a metering equipment lead to a circuit breaker on an electr ical panel when an arc flash occurred.  Emergency services were called, and the employees were transported to the hospital.  Employee #1 was admitted and treate d for thermal burns to both hands and his face.  Employee #1 was treated and rel eased without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on January 24, 2018, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a co nstruction company, were working at a public transit trolley system construction project.  Coworker #1 was operating a knuckle boom crane, referred to as a pren tice truck, to hoist from the truck's flatbed and place on the ground concrete a nchors and k-rail barriers.  Employee #1 went to assist Coworker #1 by moving a steel post on the flatbed to allow for the removal of a suspended k-rail.  The k -rail moved towards the post, and Employee #1's finger was caught and crushed be tween the post and the k-rail.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, whe re his finger was treated and he was released without hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:32 p.m. on August 21, 2008, Employee #1, a 37-year-old male, with Action Electric, was installing new wiring to an existing energized 120-volt, 15-amp branch circuit. Employee #1 contacted the energized wiring with his right arm while holding grounded conduit with his left hand and was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:50 p.m. on August 8, 2017, an employee had finished loading a Morgan 26 ft van body for local/home deliveries and went back toward the cargo department to verify delivery addresses.  When the employee went back into the truck cargo dep artment to verify delivery addresses his foot became stuck under a pallet. He lo st his balance and began to fall out of the open back door. The employee reached for the door assist strap that was hanging.  During the fall his left hand beca me entangled in the assist strap as he fell.  When his feet hit the ground his h and was above his head entangled in the strap, the downward force of his body we ight caused the entangled ring finger to be amputated.
struck_fatal	At 10:40 a.m. on June 6, 2022, an employee exited his truck after parking it in a loading dock bay and stood in an adjoining dock bay. The employee was struck b y a truck that was pulling into the bay, pinning him between the truck and the l oading dock.  The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 p.m. on February 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a municipal public services department, was cleaning out a large "hot box" hopper used for asphalt pothole repair.  The employee raised the lid of the box using a remote control d evice.  He apparently stood too close to the hopper while the hopper lid was ope n.  As he raised the hot box to empty its contents, the heavy mechanical steel l id slammed shut, striking the employee in the head and face.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment o f a broken nose, concussion, a back of the head laceration that required staples , and a laceration under the right eye that required stitches.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:10 p.m. on April 6, 2018, Employee #1 was moving equipment using a forklift . The employee was driving in reverse with his hand outside of the cage. His fin gers became caught between the cage and skids, resulting in the amputation of tw o fingers. No hospitalization was needed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:40 p.m. on June 28, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was troubleshooting a piece of high-voltage equipment.  According to th e employee, an arc flash occurred that burned his arms.  The employee was transp orted to the hospital for treatment of burns to his left arm and then released.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 7, 2012, an employee, of TPC Construction, Inc., Mill Creek, WA, a framing contractor, was rigging a bundle of oriented strand board (OSB) panels with steel chains. The crane's hoist line came into contact with a 7.2KV power line. The employee was fatally electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on May 15, 2018, Employee #1 was cutting limbs with a chainsaw, wor king from an extension ladder that was extended approximately 17 feet up into a tree. As he cut, a limb swung down and knocked him off of the ladder. The employ ee fell onto a non-energized electrical line, which had grown through the lowest fork of the tree, seven feet up the trunk from the ground. Employee #1 was foun d doubled over the electrical line, hanging in the lower fork of the tree, dead. He was killed after sustaining blunt force trauma to his head.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:00 a.m. on August 8, 2018, an employee was working to hook up a trailer to the hitch of a pickup truck. At some point, the employee's right index finger sl id into the pin hole of the hitch. When the truck moved, the employee's finger w as caught between the hitch and the truck and was partially amputated.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:00 p.m. on September 12, 2017, an employee was adjusting the bucket of truc k and preparing to repair an electrical transmission line.  While elevated in th e bucket, the employee came into contact with an energized power line.  The empl oyee was killed due to electrocution.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 30, 2014, Employee #1 was working alone l aying bricks from a tubular welded frame scaffold.  He fell from the scaffold, a pproximately 27 feet, and died.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on August 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working on the roof of a commercial building.  He was removing old material and installing new roofing material.  Employee #1 slipped on an air hose and fell, a fall height of approximately 15 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multip le fractures to his right lower leg.
caught_fatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on November 10, 2014, an employee was constructing a n outside staircase. A concrete wall collapsed and struck the employee. The empl oyee was killed.
caught_fatal	On September 26, 2013, Employee #1, a jobsite superintendent with Castlewood Consulting LLC, was operating a track excavator (Case CX36B; Serial Number: NDTN63778). He was still in the cab of the excavator, when he attempted to drive past the corner of the house under construction. Employee #1 had opened the door of the cab to judge the distance between the house and the excavator, and he either hit the controls to move forward or the excavator shifted in the mud. Employee #1 was pinned between the house and the excavator. When coworkers extricated him, it was too late to save his life. The excavator was rented for this contractor, and Employee #1 was the only employee on this construction site, who worked for this contractor. The employer had not provided training to Employee #1.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 a.m. on April 5, 2016, employees were working from two aerial lifts torc h cutting the diaphragms connecting two 181 foot long bridge girders.  One girde r (girder #1) was supported by two cranes, while the other girder (girder #2) wa s supported by an "assist" crane.  The intent was to cut girder #1 into two piec es and remove it while the "assist" crane stabilized girder #2 until the other t wo cranes could return and connect to girder #2.  While torch cutting the diaphr agms connecting the two girders, the employees were working from aerial lifts be low the girders.  When the last two diaphragms were being cut, girder #2 collaps ed, striking the aerial lifts and employees working in them.  One of the employe es working in the aerial lifts was killed while the other three employees were t reated and released from the hospital.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 24, 2005, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was standing on a fiberglass ladder, about 5 ft above the floor. He was pulling wire from an electrical room to a mezzanine storage area when he sustained a minor electric shock.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on August 27, 2019, Employee #1, a foreman, and Employee #2, his he lper, employed by an electrical contractor, were installing an additional series of circuits and a breaker panel at a plastics factory.  The employer had agreed to do the installation while the factory was operating and electrical power was not shut off.  Employee #1 was using a hand held, battery powered hand drill to remove panels on the live 480-volt electrical cabinet when an arc flash occurre d.  Neither employee was using hazard controls or wearing PPE.  Employee #1 requ ired hospitalization for burns to his face and right hand and temporary blindnes s.  Employee #1 sustained minor injuries plus possible vision problems but was n ot hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on August 1, 2018, an employee was cutting two by four lumber with a portable Makita circular saw. The employee was not holding the saw with both hands when the saw blade made contact with the employee's left thumb. The employ ee received an amputation injury to the left thumb and was taken to a local hosp ital for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 1, 2017, an employee was standing underneath the pipe w hen it slipped and flipped while in its slings.  The employee was struck behind her head by the pipe and was killed instantly.
caught_fatal	On May 8, 2009, an employee was apparently killed, when he was caught between a building and a door that shifted during maintenance activities.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on April 7, 2021, an employee inspected the "rock rake" attachment on a skid steer to remove debris. At some point, the employee's head/neck becam e caught in the attachment, received a neck fracture, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 p.m. on May 20, 2017, Employee #1 was changing a transform er on a power pole. He did not lock out the electricity to the transformer or ha ve its power turned off on the overhead power line. As Employee #1 changed the t ransformer, he received an electrical shock. Employee #1 was transported to a me dical center, where he received treatment for the electrical shock and was then hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At about 1:30 p.m. on January 23, 2017, an employee was spray painting the stair well walls of the fourth floor of a four- story apartment. The employee had posi tioned himself on the outside of the stair rail. He was standing on the outside edge of the stair tread when he lost his balance and fell to the bottom of the t hird floor landing, striking his forehead. The employee was transported to the h ospital and was pronounced dead a few minutes after arriving.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a welding services compa ny, was installing decking on the roof of a one-story commercial building.  He f ell from the roof to the concrete floor, a fall height of approximately 30 to 32 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital.  He was admitted and treated for undisclosed injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. om June 18, 2018, an employee was performing exterior masonry work from a scaffold. The employee fell from the scaffold sustaining injuries, inclu ding lost teeth.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on April 7, 2016, Employee #1 was servicing or maintaining a forkl ift. He had removed the pins from the mast of the forklift.  As Employee #1 was in front of the forklift, the mast fell forward and struck his head.  He was pro nounced dead at the scene.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 22, 2020 , an employee was working in an unprotected tr ench laying power lines when the trench collapsed on him. The employee was hospi talized to treat fractures to both his tibia and fibula.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 12:55 p.m. on June 14, 2013, Employee #1 was preparing to connect a trailer to a truck. Employee #1 was standing between the front of a custom double axel trailer and the rear of a pick up truck. As Employee #1 was preparing to connect the trailer to the truck, the supervisor was in the truck, backing it up to try to line up the truck's hitch with the tongue of the trailer. As the truck reversed, Employee #1's leg was crushed between the hitch of the truck and the tongue of the trailer. Employee #1 was hospitalized suffering from fractures and soft tissue damage to his left leg.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on July 28, 2022, an employee fell into a stairwell and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on April 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working on the roof of a commercial building.  He was applying tape above me tal flashing when he fell from the roof to the concrete surface below, a fall he ight of 20 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transporte d to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured toe, a sprained right arm, and injured ribs.
struck_fatal	At 3:37 p.m. on September 26, 2018, an employee was unstrapping a load of pipes and was struck when the top pipe rolled off of the truck.  The employee was kill ed with multiple blunt force injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 28, 2019, Employee#1 was guiding a rope on a winch wit h the palm of his hand while operating the winch with the other hand. His left t humb became caught in the rope, and pinched the end of the thumb off. Employee # 1 was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_fatal	At 1:40 p.m. on May 1, 2020, an employee was operating the employer s Caterpilla r bulldozer, equipment Number 46-647 on a levy. The employee was grading the lev y of weeds. While operating the bulldozer, the employee became stuck on the side of the levy. He called his immediate supervisor. His coworkers who were operati ng a bulldozer approximately 2 miles away was contacted by the supervisor to go help the employee1. When the coworker arrived, he spoke with the employee about how to free the bulldozer. The coworker was pushing dirt around the dozer in hop es to build up dirt under the treads so the equipment could get traction. The em ployee was throttling the machinery and spinning the treads according to the cow orker when all of the sudden, the treads stopped moving. The coworker looked int o the employee's cab and noticed his face pressed up against the glass. The cowo rker went to the employee, called out for him, and shook him. The coworkers call ed the supervisor and told him that the employee was not responding. They called 911.  The employee was killed, and the coroner ruled the immediate cause of dea th as acute myocardial infarction due to atherosclerotic coronary artery disease .
caught_fatal	At approximately 1:45 p.m. on March 29, 2016, an employee and coworkers were wor king inside a trench to install a water line offset.  The water line offset was being installed as part of a road widening project.  The work crew consisted of a crew leader and three distribution technicians.  The workers dug a trench with a varying depth of approximately 4.8-ft deep to approximately 8-ft deep.  The t rench had a varying width with a maximum width of 14 feet, 3 inches.  The trench was dug approximately 23-ft long.  The side walls of the trench were near 90 de gree vertical walls.  The soil was classified as type Cohesive, Type B (CBY) and the crew leader on-site, who was considered the competent person by the employe r.  A lab analysis classified the soil as; Cohesive, Type B.   After the connect ion was made between the new and existing lines workers exited the trench.  The work then continued from outside the trench to prepare to make the connection at the north end of the trench between the new offset section and existing water l ine.  While workers were working outside the trench preparing the next section o f pipe, the employee, a distribution technician, entered the trench.  The reason the employee entered the trench was unknown.  While the employee was inside the trench working near the south offset connection, the east, road, side wall of t he trench collapsed.  The area where the employee was working inside the trench at the time of the collapse was approximately 5.5 feet deep.  When the wall coll apsed it struck the employee and caused his head to strike the water line and or offset connection collar.  The employee was taken to a local hospital, but died as a result of his injuries
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 a.m. on July 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a company that provided street lighting construction and services, was engaged in a street lighting rep air.  He was working on an electrical meter for the street light when an electri cal flash occurred.  Employee #1 was shocked by 480 volts of electricity.  Emerg ency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for second degree electrical burns to his arm and face.
caught_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on August 8, 2016, Employee #1 was unloading a large container from pickup truck from a loading dock using a forklift. He positioned himself between the container load and the forklift. The forklift was on a sligh t incline, engine running, transmission in neutral, and parking brake was off. T he forklift moved off the loading dock onto the pickup truck bed which resulted in Employee #1 being caught between forklift and the load. Employee #1s chest a nd head were crushed between the forklift mast and the container. Employee #1 di ed.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 23, 2021, an employee worked to clean debris from the roo f in preparation for re-roofing. The employee slipped and fell approximately eig hteen feet, received blunt force trauma injuries to the head, neck and torso, an d was killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 23, 2021, an employee used a hand-held electric auger to d rill tiedowns into the ground. The auger struck an underground powerline, electr ocuted and killed the employee.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a framing constructi on company, was working at a multiemployer construction project for a commercial building.  He was setting heavy wooden roof trusses.  As he detached his fall p rotection anchor point from one truss to attach it to another truss, he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractured ribs, a fractured leg, and a ruptured spleen.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 24, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing and constru ction company, was working as a subcontractor at a multiemployer construction pr oject.  He was engaged in installing roofing to a commercial building.  As Emplo yee #1 climbed a ladder, he fell, a fall height of 4 feet.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for a fractured ankle.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on September 26, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was engaged in renovation work at a two-story commercial building.  He was on the roof and installing gutters and downspouts. The gutter came into contact with an energized power line, an electric arc ensued, and the employee was shock ed.  He lost consciousness and fell from the roof to the cement street, a fall h eight of 20 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for serious fall-related injuries.
struck_fatal	At about 12:30 p.m. on January 27, 2017, an employee was loading material onto a truck. As the employee was leaving the truck that he helped load, the employee then turned and approached another truck. The second truck started to back up an d struck the employee. The employee was crushed and killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on September 25, 2015, an employee was framing a resi dential house. The employee was struck by lightning while installing decking on second story residential home. The employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on November 7, 2020, Employees #1 and #2, a father and son paintin g crew employed by a painting contractor, were engaged in exterior painting at a church.  They were attempting to move their aluminum ladder when it became caug ht by the wind and displaced.  The ladder struck an electrical service line, and both employees sustained severe electric shock.  The father was killed by elect rocution at the scene. The son was taken to the hospital, where he died on Decem ber 3, 2020.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on October 18, 2018, an employee worked to cut lumber. At some poin t, a piece of lumber fell and struck the employee on the left foot. The employee was taken to the hospital to treat a foot fracture.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on September 5, 2018, Employee #1, an apprentice electrician, was i nstructed by a coworker, a journeyman electrician, to install a power pack neede d to provide power to the hallway lighting fixtures in a school that was being c onstructed.  Employee #1 had to access a junction box where energized wires were transmitting 277 volts of electricity.  During the work, Employee #1 received a n electric shock to his hand.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the electric shock.
struck_fatal	At 3;00 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee climbed down an extension ladder and a coworker handed the employee a small wrench.  While he was reaching for th e wrench, he fell backwards and struck his head on the concrete floor.  The empl oyee suffered a fractured skull and later died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:25 p.m. on July 5, 2003, Employee #1, a building maintenance engineer at a large office building in Los Angeles, CA, was securing and troubleshooting electrical equipment that needed routine maintenance. The job involved removing, servicing, and replacing phase clips. Employee #1 was replacing one of the clips on a 480-volt buss when he accidentally touched the energized buss, causing a short and then an arc blast. He sustained first-degree burns to his face and second-degree burns to his forearms. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and released. He later stated that he didn't want to turn off the 480 volt buss because he wasn't sure what equipment was supplied by that circuit.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on March 19, 2016, an employee was checking an argon purge inside of a process vessel. The employee was overcome by an oxygen deficie nt atmosphere, and fell 10-feet to the platform below. The employee suffered fro m possible spinal injury from the fall, and asphyxiation and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 6, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roof clean-up work at a job site.  He then began climbing down from the roof on a ladder.  Employee #1 fell from the ladder, a fall height of approx imately 8.5 to 9 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:24 a.m. on June 2, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a power line construction company, were engaged in electrical work to support a road construction.  Employee #1 was helping to move cable inside a switching cab inet when a large arc flash occurred.  Employee #1, who was working on the east side of the cabinet, made contact with a hot unit inside the 15 kilovolt cabinet and received an electrical shock.  Coworkers #1 and #2, on the west side of the cabinet, were not injured.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electrical shock to his entire body with burns to his left hand and right knee.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 6, 2019, an employee worked in a bell hole to assist a Cow orker 1 in a ten foot by eight feet by ten-foot trench. Coworker 2 above the emp loyee attempted to grab a face shield and entangled their foot in a propane tank hose. The propane tank fell into the hole and the employee attempted to catch t he propane tank to prevent it falling onto Coworker 1. The tank caught the emplo yee's left pinky finger between the ring bottom of the tank and a pipe clamp whi ch caused a crush/amputation injury to the pinky. The employee was hospitalized to reattach the pinky, but after a week medical personnel made the decision to a mputate the employee's pinky.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 22, 2021, an employee worked to install an overhead supp ort beam in a kitchen nook area. The employee used a fourteen-foot long two by s ix-inch piece of lumber, nailed on one side, as a makeshift scaffold platform to access the area. The employee stopped while crossing the platform to use a pneu matic nail gun to install framing near the center of the board. As the employee applied pressure to nail the framing overhead, the board broke and the employee fell. The employee was transported by emergency medical services to the hospital , where the employee died from the injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on July 20, 2018, an employee was attempting to open a wooden crate of plate glass panels to be installed. When the crate opened, fifteen plate gla ss panels fell down onto the employee who received fractures to her femur and wr ist and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 11, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were part of a pipe crew installing a 6-inch sludge l ine in an excavated trench at a sewer/water treatment plant.  Employee #1 was in the trench, which measured 13 feet 2 inches deep where the work was to be perfo rmed.  Coworker #1 was operating a CAT 214 excavator.  Coworker #1 used the exca vator and a chain to lift an 8-foot by 10-foot, 3,200-pound steel road plate int o the trench.  The plate was to be used as protection from shifting soil and cav e-ins.  Coworker #1 toed-in the bottom of the plate approximately 2 feet into th e soil at the bottom of the trench.  He then moved the excavator away from the t rench to reduce the weight on the ground directly adjacent to the trench.  The p late was positioned vertically in the trench for approximately 7 minutes when Em ployee #1 climbed into the trench.  Coworker #2, the lead man on the crew, was a t the top of the trench.  He turned away from the trench to pick up a 4-inch by 4-inch steel tube strut to be used as bracing for the steel plate.  Coworker #2 was going to hand the strut down to the laborer for installation.  The steel roa d plate began tipping over toward Employee #1.  The plate fell on Employee #1, p inning him in the trench between the ground/concrete structure and the plate.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for crushing injuries to his back.   Employee #1 wa s placed into a medically induced coma while medical personnel monitored the sta tus of his pancreas.  Employee #1 underwent surgery involving vein/artery grafti ng.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 17, 2015, a crew (consisting of six employees) was worki ng to install wood trusses on a five story apartment construction project. The e mployee, a 25 year old male carpenter, was measuring and marking the locations t o install trusses at the top of the fifth story level.  The employee was sitting on the top plate of an exterior wall with one foot on an eight foot step ladder on the interior side of the wall and the other foot on a brace secured on the e xterior side of the wall.  The brace consisted of a wood 2 by 4 that had one end nailed to the wall, and the employee was sitting on the other end that was nail ed to a wooden column.  The employee was observed leaning out a little farther f rom the exterior wall, increasing the weight being placed on the exterior brace his foot was on.  The brace gave way and the employee fell five stories to the g round, suffering multiple internal injuries and a broken neck.  First aid and CP R was administered at the scene. Emergency personnel transported the employee to the hospital where he died. He suffered multiple fractures to the pelvis, back, arms, legs, and neck. At the time of the incident the weather was clear and sun ny with temperatures in the 80's.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 p.m. on November 17, 2021, an employee was taking temperature and pressu re readings on a facilities water/steam system and inspecting the fire-main syst em integrity when he fell through an elevator shaft. The employee fell approxima tely 3 floors before landing and incurred multiple  blunt force injuries to head , neck, torso, and extremities from impact with the concrete floor. The employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 3:00 a.m. on February 18, 2020, Employee #1, employed by an automotive reposs ession company, was recovering a F350 pickup truck. He was caught between the to w truck he was driving, and the pickup truck being towed. Employee #1 was crushe d in the abdomen, pelvis, and left lower extremities. He was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 18, 2017, an employee was walking on purlins of a roof, lacing insulation, when a portion of the 2 inch by 4 inch purlin broke. The empl oyee fell to the ground and fractured his neck. He was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on March 7, 2017, an employee and three coworkers we re delivering material to a commercial roofing job site.  It was a cold and wind y day with temperatures in 50's. After putting a pallet on the roof the employee and coworkers went on the roof as well.   They decided to use a safety monitor for fall protection as they went on to the roof.  The crew decided to check the roofing material if it was the right for the job site. The employee was standing close to the edge and the safety monitor noticed the employee.  As they were la ying out the roofing material, strong gusts of wind came and lifted the roofing material.  The roofing material struck the employee and pushed him off of the ro of.  The employee fell around 17 feet to the concrete.  The company did have fal l protection in place (safety monitor) but the roofing material still pushed the employee off of the roof.  All workers were trained in the use of a safety moni tor.  The employee suffered a broken elbow and a fractured leg for which he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:05 p.m. on October 31, 2018, an employee was operating a Crown RC 5500 Seri es Standup Powered Industrial Truck and was approaching a bollard too quickly. The employee put his hand out to try and stop the lift before hitting the pole, crushing his left hand when it was caught between the truck and bollard.  The em ployee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:30 p.m. on June 9, 2018, an employee was spray-painting a metallic electric conduit with aerosol paint. An electrical discharge punctured the spray paint a nd caused ignition.  The employee was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 27, 2018, Employee#1 was working alone, stretching and adj usting himself. He did not take his foot off of the dead-man pedal while he was stretching. As he stretched with his leg sticking outside of the running lines o f the forklift, his leg struck a metal post. The forklift then moved backwards, crushing his left foot between the forklift and metal post. Employee#1 sustained a crushing injury of his left foot and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on October 31, 2018, an employee was removing and replacing CMB uni ts by hand after a coworker cut the mortar out from between the units.  The empl oyee' head and torso was struck by the foundation wall when it collapsed and he was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on February 21, 2019,  an employee was standing near a load of steel coming down off a flatbed trailer. The employee was helping gui de down the load that was being moved by the crane. As the load was being moved, it was about four feet from the ground.  The sling failed and caused the steel to buckle.  When the steel buckled it rippled, and hit the employee causing the employee to launch into the air about 15-20 feet. The employee received a broken arm, broken collar bone, and broken pelvis.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 a.m. on August 18, 2017, an employee was waiting in the driver protectiv e structure.  The employee was pinned within the protective structure when a tow er crane's grappling hook moved and struck the structure, knocking it over.  The employee suffered multiple leg fractures and later died on September 25, 2017, at the Virginia Commonwealth University Hospital, from Sepsis.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 5, 2018, Employee #1, a framer, and Coworker #1, a labo rer, employed by a construction framing company, were working at a two-story res idential construction project.  They were stacking 4-foot by 8-foot wood boards onto two A-shaped wood brackets nailed onto the building's lower roof, in prepar ation for the boards being accessed by roofers.  Coworker #1 stood inside a wind ow opening and handed the boards to Employee #1 on the roof's overhang.  As Empl oyee #1 stacked 15 to 20 boards onto the support brackets, the stack tipped over , and the right support bracket collapsed onto Employee #1's left leg.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to his left lower leg bones.  Employee #1 re quired surgery and four days of hospitalization.
caught_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 2, 2021, an employee was unloading a Podzilla lifting f rame system on an inclined surface when the frame travelled down the incline. Th e employee was caught between the frame and back of a truck bed. The employee in curred chest trauma and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on January 4, 2016, an employee was applying rubber seam compound t o the ridge of the roof.  The employee was walking across the roof when he stepp ed on a plastic skylight. The plastic skylight broke and the employee fell throu gh the skylight, 16 feet 8 inches, and hit his head on the concrete floor below. He was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:50 p.m. on September 15, 2017, Employee #1 was operating the controls to a vibrator motor on a construction site. As he worked, a concrete bu cket fell after the strap failed and struck him. Employee #1 was crushed and kil led under the 13,000 pounds weight of the bucket.
electrocution_fatal	On November 5, 2003, Employees #1 and #2 were using a crane to move a truss from underneath a power line when the truss contacted the overhead line. Both employees were electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 09:30 a.m. on January 4th, 2011, an employee of an underground utility line installation contractor was helping a backhoe operator dig a trench for the installation of a sewer lateral line. The bucket of the John Deere backhoe contacted an unmarked 16KV power line and caused a short, which resulted in a flash fire. The employee received second and third degree burns to the face. The work area and boundaries of the project were not properly marked by the construction company and no proper project address was provided to the company which locates and marks the subsurface installations. The injured employee was transported to Los Robles Medical Center, where he was treated. At the time of the accident, the injured employee was working for the company for almost one year performing duties of a laborer. The employee's supervisor was on site at the time, but did not witness the accident. The Division was notified of the accident on January 4th 2011 at 11:14 a.m. by Ventura County Sheriff Department and initiated an inspection on January 4th 2011. Interviews were conducted of the injured employee's supervisor, the injured employee, and the backhoe operator. The investigation concluded that a violation of CCR Title 8 Sec:1541(b)(A)(1) was the cause of this accident, as the excavation area was not properly delineated by the company as specified in Government Code Section 4216.2. As a result, the Division issued a Serious non-accident related citation to the employer for CCR Title 8 Sec:1541(b)(A)(1) due to the fact that the accident did not result in a serious injury as defined by LC6302.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on October 26, 2015, a 42 year old male employee was injured when a joint tester being inflated inside a confined space separated resulting in the release of pneumatic energy and dislodging the device. The worker was struck by the release of pressure & movement of the Plug it Joint Tester. The employee rec eived injuries to his head, rib fractures, and fracture of his left wrist during the event. He died five days later on October 26, 2015, as a result of blunt fo rce injuries to his head sustained in the event.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 27, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contr actor, was engaged in interior demolition work at a multifamily residential buil ding as part of a multiemployer construction project.  He was standing on a 10-f oot stepladder and demolishing existing drywall.  Employee #1 fell from the step ladder to the floor, a fall height of approximately 6 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted a nd treated for a fractured skull.  Employee #1 spent several weeks in the hospit al's Intensive Care Unit.  The subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1 had not received training and had overreached while working from the ladder.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 14, 2018, Employee #1 was operating an overhead crane, movin g a steel beam. The hook malfunctioned, and the load fell, striking the employee on the head and leg. Employee #1 suffered a concussion and leg contusion. He wa s hospitalized for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On December 22, 2004, Employee #1 and a coworker, of Brundage-Bone Concrete Pumping,were preparing for a concrete pouring operation. The coworker was operating a concrete truck boom when it struck a high-voltage, 240-kilovolt overhead power line. Employee #1 suffered an electric shock and sustained third-degree burns to his hands, feet, and arms. He was transported to Kern Medical Center and then transferred to Fresno University Burn Uni, where he was treated for 18 days. The employer was cited for an accident-related violation of T8CCR 2946(a), "preventing accidents adjacent to high voltage lines." The employer was also cited for a violation of T8CCR 342(a), on reporting accidents.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 31, 2019, an employee and two coworkers walked on the fi rst level of a scaffold. At some point, the scaffold collapsed and the two cowor kers were able to jump clear, but the employee fell approximately eight feet wit h the scaffold and received a fracture to the right leg. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
caught_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on October 25, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an excavation company , was operating a Caterpillar CP563E vibratory soil compactor at the site of a m ultifamily residential structure.  The compactor was on a 2- to 3-foot embankmen t when it began to slide sideways and tip over.  As Employee #1 attempted to cli mb out of the compactor, his head was crushed under the vertical support for the machine's roll over protection system.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, w as working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story residential stru cture.  He climbed to the top of a scaffold and then onto the scaffold's railing to access the roof.  The scaffold tipped over, and Employee #1 fell, a fall hei ght of 18 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to his lower back a nd left ankle, and contusions and abrasions to his left arm and chest.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 17, 2007, Employee #1, an electrical contractor, was repairing the electrical distribution panel at a Target Department Store in Bakersfield, CA. When he opened up the panel, the flash shield fell off because it was damaged from the heat generated by the panel. He was removing the fuses when the panel flashed; he received an electric shock and minor burns to his face and right arm. Employee #1 was transported to Kern Medical Center in Bakersfield, where he was treated and released the following morning. He returned to work that same day.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 p.m. on December 1, 2018, an employee was putting away some product from the platform when he was struck by an Order Picker.  The employee fell 16 feet and sustained multiple fractures when he struck the concrete floor.  The employe e was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 24, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a road co nstruction company, were engaged in site grading at a multiemployer road constru ction project.  Employee #1 was dumping dirt from a dump truck onto the construc tion surface as his coworker operated a Caterpillar road grader.  The road grade r was backing up when it struck Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to three ribs.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on March 24, 2016, an employee was welding an overhe ad structure   from a scissor lift platform, at the height of approximately 18 f eet. When the employee moved the platform, his head became caught between the sc issor lift railing and the structure. The employee was killed when his head and face were crushed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 2, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a concr ete construction contractor, were engaged in end-of-workday equipment disassembl y and clean up at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story multifamily residential structure.  Employee #1 was holding the nozzle and hose portion of s hotcrete equipment, and Coworker #1, the company foreman, was hammering on the h ose to remove a clog.  When Coworker #1 struck the clog, an air pocket unexpecte dly released a spray of shotcrete from the nozzle.  The spray struck Employee #1 .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al.  He was admitted and treated for abrasions and burns.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 28, 2021, an employee assisted a coworker, who was ope rating a backhoe, with removal of concrete debris. At some point, the employee b ecame caught between the backhoe and a dumpster, received severe abdominal injur ies, and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on May 26, 2020, an employee was operating an excavator. At some po int, the employee stuck theyre head out of the excavator cab while the cab rota ted in close proximity to a tree. The employee's head was caught between the cab and the tree and crushed. The employee was killed by traumatic head injury.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 4, 2022, an employee was working as a truck driver for a f irm that manufactured building trusses. He drove heavy trucks and tractor-traile rs. He was delivering wooden trusses to a jobsite. He was on the ground, unloadi ng the trusses from a trailer. When he went to the back of the trailer, the trus ses fell off the trailer onto him. He was killed. He died on the scene.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 3, 2002, Employee #1, a foreman with Diamond Bar Electric, was working on a job at a pet food store in Irwindale, CA. The store has a service contract with the company for electric work on an as-needed basis. Employee #1 reported to the site around 7.30 a.m. and, after getting his assignment, began work on wiring a circuit breaker for supplying power to a duplex outlet on the wall of the production area, about 35 feet away from the electrical panel. He was working alone for this task, and he de-energized several circuit breakers before retrieving a 12 ft plastic A-frame ladder from another room and placing it to reach the ceiling near the wall. With his right hand, he started using a metal fish tape to pull a conductor through the conduit. He received an electric shock as soon as soon as he touched the conduit with his left hand. Employee #1 fell from the ladder to the floor, fracturing his left hip. He was transported to Kaiser Permanente in Baldwin Park, where he underwent surgery and was treated for six days. The ladder was inspected on September 18, 2002, and was found to be in good working condition. Employee #1 did not place any warning signs or tags on or near the panel before leaving the power area; apparently, a coworker in the area turned the breakers on without informing him. Employee #1 stated that he had tested and checked the voltage on that conductor and found nothing, so he felt it was safe to work on the de-energized conductor and duplex outlet. Employee #1 said he had no warning signs and had not been provided any by his company. The employer was cited for a violation, regulatory, of T8CCR342(a); a violation, serious, of T8CCR 2320.6(a); a violation, serious, of T8CCR 2340.7(c); a violation, serious, of T8CCR 2340.22(a); and a violation, serious, of T8CCR 2340.4(a).
struck_nonfatal	On April 12, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a plumbing and heati ng company, were engaged in installation work at the construction site for a res idential building.  Employee #1 was using a demolition saw to notch concrete whe re a PVC pipe was to be installed.  He then proceeded to hand the saw to Coworke r #1.  While doing so, Employee #1 looked away, the saw moved unexpectedly, and the rotating saw blade made contact with Employee #1's left leg.  Emergency serv ices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was treat ed for a laceration to the leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 3, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a concre te construction company, were engaged in the construction of a multi-story parki ng structure for a multifamily residential project.  Employee #1 was installing fall protection guardrails at the leading edge of the third floor after installa tion of concrete forms.  The employee did not properly secure his fall protectio n system.  As he walked to the leading edge, a concrete floor panel became loose and fell beneath him, which caused him to fall to the surface dirt, a fall heig ht of 33 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, whe re he was admitted for treatment of multiple injuries that included a dislocated and fractured arm, lacerations of the head and face, and a concussion.
fall_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on January 16, 2014, an employee was standing on a mobile scaffold when he lost his balance.  The mobile scaffold tipped over and the employee fel l into the floor opening, landing 24.5 feet to the ground.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 17, 2013, an employee was refastening a gutter. The e mployee was working from an extension ladder re-fastening the upper rear gutter. A coworker working on the roof walked across the roof to the location where he last saw the employee working and saw the employee lying on the concrete ground. The employee died a day later from head injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on March 25, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a framin g contractor, were engaged in the construction of a new residential building.  T hey were assigned to cut an excess L-shaped wall measuring 1 foot high by 16 fee t long.  Employee #1, working from an extension ladder, used a Milwaukee Sawzall saw to cut the short portion of the wall and then continued holding the wall, w hich was not otherwise supported or braced.  The coworker, standing on an 8-foot A-Frame ladder, used a DeWalt reciprocating saw to cut the long portion of the excess wall.  As the coworker was completing his last cut, his saw bound up, and the wall shifted.  The wall struck Employee #1's head, causing him to fall from the ladder, a fall height of approximately 5 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured wrist susta ined in the fall.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:10 a.m. on March 10, 2022, Employee #1 was one of three emplo yees conducting roofing activities on the breezeway at the time of the incident. The site is a public high school serving the population of Santa Rosa Califor nia. The employer task was re-roofing several of the structures onsite as well a s the breezeways between major structures. Employee #1 was in the process of cut ting roofing materials for installation on the breezeway when the incident occur red. Employee #1 suffered an unwitnessed fall from the leading edge of the breez eway, falling approximately 12.6 feet to the concrete surface below, striking hi s head. Employee #1 suffered extensive calvarial, skull base, and facial fractur es. Employee #1 was taken to the local emergency department via ambulance, where he was admitted. Employee #1 remained in a coma until March 21, 2022, when the next of kin decided to remove Employee #1 from life support, and Employee #1 die d shortly thereafter.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 15, 2019, Employee #1 was installing fire suppression pipin g, using a scissor lift. The employee became caught between the scissor lift and an overhead structure. He sustained crushing injuries to his neck and chest and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:15 a.m. on February 8, 2012, Employee #1 and a crew of three employees were installing a street light pole in front of a residential home. They were using an Altec bucket truck with material handling to lift the light pole into place. While moving the pole, employee was using a shovel with a wooden handle to rotate the pole and the coworker was repositioning the pole using his hands. The pole (mission bell) came in contact with 12,000 kilovolt power line at the same time the employee was making contact. Employee #1 received an electrical shock.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 p.m. on February 15, 2016, Employee #1 was sorting and stacking returna ble containers.  The employee was standing near a pallet holding returnable cont ainers.  Employee #2 was operating a forklift truck.  The truck approached from the opposite side of the pallet for movement.  As the forks of the lift truck we re being maneuvered under the pallet, the pallet was moved and struck Employee # 1's right ankle.  Employee #1 reported feeling a "pop" from her foot and ankle. The injury was diagnosed as a contusion.  The employee was found unconscious an d unresponsive seven days later.  She had died from the injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 1, 2002, Employee #1 an experienced welder, was working for a steel fabricator company. Employee #1 was using a Miller-Delta wire feed tack welder to tack .125-in. L brackets onto a .25-in. piece of angle iron. While Employee #1 was tacking the L bracket onto the angle iron, they became part of the grounding system and he was shocked. Employee was hospitalized, where he was treated for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:35 a.m. on June 26, 2018, an employee was demolishing a commercial building and was installing plywood over a wood joist for a working service.  The joist gave way and the employee fell to the concrete floor.  The employee was transpor ted by ambulance to the hospital and was treated for a contusion to his head.  H ospitalization was not required.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 5, 2018, employees were unloading a new power pole from the truck.  The line worker in charge was at the controls of the Digger Derick. Employee #1 was reaching for a set of chains on the back of the truck.  The boo m of the Digger Derick came in contact with the Primaries (7200 Volts) and the e mployee was found on the ground behind the truck. The employee received medical treatment at the scene, but later died at a local hospital.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on October 20, 2021, two employees were working for a municipality' s public works department. One was working as a civil engineer. He and the other employee were surveying a roadway in advance of making repairs. A support vehic le was behind the civil engineer, following him. It was struck by another vehicl e. The support vehicle lunged forward and struck the civil engineer. He suffered head trauma. He was hospitalized. The narrative provided no information about t he other employee, other than saying that the other employee was not hospitalize d. Possibly, he was in the support vehicle.
caught_fatal	On June 11, 2019, Employee #1, a truck driver employed by a construction company , had parked his 2008 Peterbilt semi-tractor and 2017 Kaufman detachable goosene ck lowboy trailer on a sloping access road at a construction site.  He was using a Caterpillar skid steer secured on top of the trailer platform to raise the pl atform.  As Employee #1 stood between the tractor and the trailer, the vehicle b egan to roll backward.  The tractor's rear wheels ran over Employee #1, who was killed.  The subsequent investigation determined that the truck's engine had bee n running; the parking brake had not been engaged; and the proper number and siz ed wheel chocks had not been used while the vehicle was parked on the incline.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on May 22, 2019, an employee was loading 2 and 3 foot long 3/8 inc h wide square metal rods into a Built-Rite New Dimension Model P3-250 Initial Pi nch Power Roll machine. The employee caught his right hand between the ingoing p inch rollers and suffered crushing injuries to his index and middle fingers, req uiring hospitalization. The employee's fingertips were amputated surgically whil e admitted to the hospital.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 18, 2017, an employee was working on a flat roof, when h e fell. The employee struck the ground below, sustaining a back injury, which he was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on April 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, was working on the roof of a residential structure.  The employee lost his balan ce, slipped, and fell on top of an industrial vehicle.  His head and torso struc k against the vehicle's tire and frame before he hit the ground.  The employee w as hospitalized to treat head, knee, leg, and other injuries.
struck_fatal	On May 20, 2022, an employee was setting up emergency traffic cones on an inters tate road.  A passenger car lost control and hit the employee.  He was hospitali zed as a result of unspecified injuries to his pelvis and lower extremities.  Th e employee died on July 1, 2022, as a result of his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on January 18, 2017, Employee #1 was using a loader to clean up dr iveways and intersections behind a snow blower. The shoot of the snow blower bec ame clogged, so the employee went over to it to remove the snow.  His right foot fell into the impeller, causing a partial amputation to his right foot.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on June 19, 2017, Employee #1 was working from a sca ffold and painting the understructure of a bridge. As he painted, he lost his ba lance and fell off the scaffold. Employee #1 fell approximately 15 ft into a pit and landed on a cement surface. He suffered back injuries, broken ribs, sternum , brain contusion and bruised lungs. Employee #1 was airlifted and transported t o a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on May 1, 2018, an employee was on a roof while taking measurements for lumber to be added to the structure and would pass them to a coworker on th e ground.  The employee stumbled and fell off of the building structure and sust ained head trauma when he struck the ground.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on March 17, 2016, an employee was working as a help er as part of a two-man residential spray foam insulation operation. The employe e complained of stomach pain and went home early from the jobsite on Thursday Ma rch 17, 2016.  The employee called in sick and did not come to work on Friday Ma rch 18, 2016.  On Saturday March 19, 2016 the employer was notified by the emplo yees family that the employee was in Intensive Care Unit and had subsequently di ed on March 20, 2016.  The employer received notification from the coroner on Ma rch 22, 2016 that the employee died from blunt force trauma to the abdomen. The employee likely fell from extension ladder that was erected on mobile scaffold p latform. The employee had soft tissue hemorrhage on the right side of the chest, fracture of the second through fifth ribs on the right side, abdominal compartm ent syndrome, laceration of the left elbow, and abrasions on the lower extremiti es, consistent with blunt force trauma to trunk.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 11, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a heavy construction comp any, was rigging a sling.  His right ring finger became caught in the block and tackle sheave, and the finger was amputated .  The employee was transported to t he hospital, where he was admitted and treated for the amputation.
struck_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on April 10, 2019, an employee had finished making a chemical tran sfer between his tanker truck and the host employers chemical transfer point. Th e employee proceeded to climb the tanker truck ladder to access a hatch and veri fy that the tanker truck was empty. The employee then lost his balance and fell from an elevation of approximately 11 feet. The employee was hospitalized for a skull fracture, where he later.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:00 a.m. on July 26, 2017, Employee #1 and coworkers were working outside a commercial building.  They were hooking straps around a pedestrian tunnel built from scaffolding.  Employee #1 was working from a stepladder.  He climbed off th e ladder and onto the top of the structure they were building in order to grasp the end of a strap.  The structure folded and collapsed accordion style.  Employ ee #1 fell with the falling structure, a fall height of 9 feet.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitt ed and treated for a leg fracture.
fall_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on May 10, 2017, an employee was unloading a feed truck at a hog lo t while standing on a ladder.   The employee fell and hit the left side of their head on the back end of the trailer, killing the employee.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 a.m. on July 23, 2017, an employee was working for a supermarket chain. He and a coworker were about to team lift something. They were using a pallet ja ck. When the pallet jack was moved during the lift, it rolled back into the path of the employee. He tripped on the pallet jack and fell backward. He struck his head on a cooler. He was not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:30 p.m. on July 21, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a drillin g company, were drilling a water well.  They were using a Speedstar Model SS25SD drill rig, a breakout rig tong, slips, and a breaker bar.  Employee #1 was the helper for the coworker, who was operating the drill.  In order to save time whi le breaking pipe from 40 foot sections to 20 foot sections, the drill operator a nd Employee #1 used a single rig tong (upper tong) and the turn table (rotary ta ble) instead of using both upper and lower tongs to break the pipe section accor ding to the engineered design.  During this process of pipe breaking, the cable pulling the rig tong broke.  The rig tong swung forward and struck Employee #1, who was standing within the rig tong's swing radius.  Employee #1 was thrown ont o the breaker bar.  When he attempted to pull himself off the breaker bar, he wa s disemboweled.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, wh ere he underwent multiple surgeries to repair internal organs.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 21, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction cont ractor, was engaged in fireproofing at a building construction site.  He was sta nding in an elevated wood box when he slipped and fell from the box to the floor , a fall height of 10 feet.  The wood box also fell and struck Employee #1's hea d.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On September 2, 2005, Employee #1 was engaged in plumbing work under a house when he was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:36 a.m. on April 21, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an elec trical services company, were engaged in installation work inside a 24-foot buil ding.  They were pulling Cat 5E data cable from the top of a large walk-in freez er and attaching J-hooks.  The employees were not using fall protection.  Employ ee #1 fell, a fall height of 23 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Emplo yee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractur es to both ankles and injuries to multiple vertebrae.
electrocution_fatal	On November 21, 2002, Employee #1 was using a metal bull float with a 19 ft handle to finish a concrete highway slab. As he was working, he raised the float and struck a 17 ft high energized power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted. The accident happened at the end of the day when it was dark, and no temporary lighting was installed. The electric lines, which provided power to a nearby residence, were not insulated.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 noon on July 1, 2020, an employee was starting a Kellogg America air co mpressor when a malfunction occurred and he was struck by the air compressor cov er. The employee was hospitalized for his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 10, 2021, and employee was unloading large glass panels whe n they fell on him. The employee suffered head trauma from being crushed and str uck by the panels and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on October 4, 2018, an employee was driving his truck and the auge r that delivers chicken food became clogged.  The employee opened the auger door and the machine cycled itself, catching his gloved left hand, amputating his mi ddle finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on July 4, 2015, an employee was installing truss on a roof 34 fee t from the ground and climbed down for a drink of water.  When he returned to th e roofline, the employee did not reconnect his harness to the lanyard and fell o ver the side of the building.  The employee was killed upon impact with the grou nd.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 18, 2018, an employee was working to remove the sheet me tal roofing of a roof to expose the steel purlins for a building addition. At so me point after the employee removed the sheet metal, a coworker maneuvered an ar ticulating boom lift near the employee to bring him down off of the roof for lun ch. The employee fell twenty-one feet through the roof opening as the employee d id not have the lanyard attached to his full-body harness when the fall occurred . The employee was hospitalized for fractures to both wrists and face and an uns pecified head injury.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:50 a.m. on October 4, 2018, an employee was watching a motor and motor moun t being lowered into his golf cart and pushed on it to properly align it.  The e mployee lacerated and amputated his finger when it was caught in the rigging sli ng.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 4:22 p.m. on April 21, 2022, an employee was working for a contractor hired t o install siding at a home. While working from the roof of the residence, he fel l onto the driveway and was killed.  Fire Department Medics reported that the em ployee was found unresponsive on the ground next to a ladder.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 a.m. on June 6, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were loading sections o f pipe into a shallow 2.5-foot-wide trench.  The coworker was operating an excav ator to move the pipe.  Employee #1 was slouched over in the trench when he was struck by a suspended concrete pipe, 12-inch diameter by 8-foot long and weighin g approximately 1,000 pounds, that was being moved into position.  Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of abdominal and facia l injuries.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on October 21, 2016, an employee was carrying a box that weighed no more than 15 pounds, from the laboratory to the storage room. The employee stum bled, fell to the ground, and struck his head on the ground.  After the incident the employee went back to the laboratory and notified his supervisor and contin ued to work for the remainder of the day. When the employee was home, he was not feeling well so he was transported to the hospital.  The employee was killed fr om head trauma.
struck_fatal	At 5:08 a.m. on September 27, 2017,  Employee #1 was isolating a 7.2KV electrica l cable. The employee put his hand on the transformer just as his leg contacted the exposed end of the "live" 7.2KV cable and was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 8, 2016, an employee was operating a concrete delivery tr uck. The employee was setting up to deliver concrete into a pump truck. An inves tigation later revealed that immediately prior to the incident, the back control s used to operate the mixer were activated. The concrete delivery truck rolled b ack and the employee was caught between the concrete truck and the pump truck. H e was crushed and killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on June 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as engaged in interior carpentry work, part of the renovation of a three-story c ommercial building.  He was carrying tools, including a hand drill.  As he adjus ted the chuck of the drill, his glove became caught in the drill's rotating part .  Employee #1's right index fingertip was amputated.  He was transported to the hospital, treated for the amputation, and discharged.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on March 29, 2002, Employees #1 and #2 were installing downspouts on the side of an apartment building. A 37,900-volt overhead power line was 10 ft from the building. The employees used a 40 ft metal extension ladder to access the downspouts. After finishing the work, they both grabbed the ladder to move it to the other side of the complex. They were pulling the ladder away from the building when the side rails contacted the overhead line. Employee #1 was killed instantly. Employee #2 received an electric shock and was knocked several feet away from the ladder. He sustained electrical burns, for which he was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	On August 25, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was operati ng a Champion personnel hoist, Model Number US-60-1RNU, Serial Number A11072205, to lift construction crews to the 6th floor of a building under construction. He had earlier been shown the basic operations of the hoist by the foreman.  Aft er lifting one group of workers, as he was descending in the hoist, it accelerat ed and hit the springs at the bottom of the stage.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted, treated f or shoulder bruises, and released after 9 hours.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 30, 2018, an employee exited a Hyster Lift Truck he was d riving to use his cellphone and was struck by a tractor trailer.  The employee w as caught between the trailer and his forklift, crushing his chest.  The employe e was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On June 6, 2013, Employee #1, with Safeway Inc., was cleaning the trash conveyor when his right hand was caught by the roller. Employee #1 was hospitalized, with fractures of the shoulder and arm.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on July 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical supply comp any, was working at a multiemployer job site.  Employee #1 had climbed a ladder to roll and bundle data cable hanging from the ceiling.  The employee did not se e a junction box hanging open from the ceiling with an exposed live wire.  The w ire struck Employee #1's neck.  Employee #1 received an electric shock and fell from the ladder.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transporte d to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a head injury requiring stiches plu s shoulder and neck injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:48 p.m. on June 30, 2016, an employee was troubleshooting an inoperable tax iway edge light assembly at Westchester County Airport in White Plains, NY.  The employee was disconnecting the taxiway edge light assembly, while the electrica l system was energized, as part of testing to determine why it did not illuminat e.  Employee was electrocuted with approximately 5,000 volts AC and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on June 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was engaged in installation work at a two-story multifamily residential buildi ng.  He was preparing to move his tools and a portable stepladder from one work location on the first floor to another in the lobby.  The employee lost his foot ing and fell down a single flight of stairs onto a concrete floor.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to both legs.
caught_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on January 20, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a power line constru ction company, was working from the personnel basket of a crane and erecting a s teel transmission structure.  The basket's hydraulic controls malfunctioned, cau sing the basket to pin and crush the employee against the structure.  Employee # 1 was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On September 17, 2009, an employee was working as a Building Operations Maintenance person for a construction company. The employee was asked by his supervisor to go under the house to remove debris. The supervisor also asked the employee to feed a doorbell wire up through the floor of the utility room so he could connect the doorbell, which was not working. The employee indicated to the supervisor that he had a metal fish tape which he could use to feed the doorbell wire. The supervisor indicated that he told the employee to attach the doorbell wire to the blue telephone wire and feed it through the floor opening. But the employee used the fish tape anyway. While the supervisor was standing in the utility room waiting for the employee to feed the wire, he heard the employee make a noise under the house like he was hurt. The supervisor called his name several times and he did not answer. He then ran outside and called two other workers to come and help. They went to the crawlspace on the side of the house, went under and found the employee lying on the ground, not moving, but still had a pulse. They pulled the employee almost outside the crawlspace. The paramedics arrived and tried to revive the employee, without success. The employee died at the scene from an apparent electrical shock, which was confirmed by the Coroners Report.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:10 a.m. on November 13, 2017, Employee #1 was changing dust collector filte r bags in a bag house on the production side of the plant. He was attempting to dislodge a filter bag that was stuck to the frame by slamming the frame repeated ly down on the bag house floor through the filter hole, in the hopes of freeing the bag. As Employee #1 placed his hand inside the frame and wrapped his right m iddle finger around the metal cap of the frame, he slammed the frame down to the floor.  His right middle finger was pinched between the metal top cap and a flo or hole, amputating the fingertip at the nail.  He was transported to a local ho spital, where he remained and was treated for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 1, 2015, the employee was installing gas lines and conde nsation lines for air conditioning units on the roof. A 16' tape measure was use d to measure the length of the pipes. A pipe cutter was used to cut plastic pipe s to size and solvent cement was used to glue plastic pipes together. Also locat ed on the roof, were an 8 inch crescent wrench, channel lock pliers, cur-off saw , and miter saw. The employee fell through an existing skylight and came to rest on top of an existing interior wall. Based on measurements, it is estimated tha t he fell approximately 15 feet. Employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on April 6, 2017, Employee #1 was using a ladder to r each a section of 4-in. pipe that needed to be cut. While cutting the pipe, its opposite end sheared off, causing the pipe to fall at its bend. The pipe fell th rough the hangers supporting the pipe and struck Employee #1, which caused him t o fall from the ladder. Employee #1 then struck a motor on the floor in the fall . He suffered multiple soft tissue contusions, including to his face as well as a head concussion from the fall. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center , where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a highway construction co mpany, was engaged in paving work.  He was staging a 12-foot wide float that con tained a 26-foot aluminum pole handle being used for finishing concrete.  The al uminum handle came into contact with an overhead power line.  Employee #1 sustai ned an electrical shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the electrical shock .
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 21, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing repair and maintenance work at a one-story multifamily reside nce.  The roof had an 8:12 pitch, and its surface was covered with 30-pound felt paper still moist from the morning dew.  Employee #1's assigned task was to ins tall a metal nosing and a starter at the roof's edge.  Employee #1 was wearing f all protection equipment and was tied to an anchor on the roof's ridge.  As Empl oyee #1 walked on the roof's surface, he slipped, fell, and struck the ground, a fall height of approximately 9 feet or more.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured left knee that required surgery and fractured shoulder.  Both Emplo yee #1 and a coworker who came to his aid after he fell stated that the rope was long that attached Employee #1 to the anchor.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:00 p.m. on June 15, 2015, Employee #1 and a coworker were goi ng to retrieve braces for a pump jump scaffold that were located on the roof of a residential building. A trash basket constructed of plywood was approximately 4 feet by 8 feet with three sides and a bottom and an open side to the front. Th e trash basket was constructed at the site and used by all working at the site. The trash basket was attached to a rough terrain forklift and they were going to use it to access the roof.  Employee #1 got into the trash basket and the cowor ker elevated him. Employee #1 was elevated to approximately the second level win dow of the building when he moved from the center of the trash basket to the sid e causing the box to fall from the fork tines to the concrete ground. Employee # 1 sustained blunt force trauma to the head and torso and died.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on November 16, 2018, an employee was walking down a ramp towards the loading dock when a coworker that was backing up a forklift on the ramp stru ck him, crushing the employee's left foot and forcing him from the ramp.  The em ployee was taken to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment and was th ere for approximately one month.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 p.m. on February 19, 2020, an employee flipped a 1,500 lb trailing arm to weld underneath and did not properly support it.  The employee was sitting on a work platform while welding the trailer arm when it shifted, and landed on hi s right leg.  The employee was transported to the hospital and died from a heart attack on March 3, 2020.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 9, 2021, Employee #1 and a coworker were standing in the body of a dump truck securing materials. The materials included old floating docks. Employee #1 was standing on materials in the body of the dump truck when he lost his balance. He grabbed a 2-inch by 4-inch board that was attached to a floating dock. The nails on the board failed, and Employee #1 fell headfirst ou t of the truck body. He landed on the ground near the driver's side dual rear wh eels. Employee #1 struck his head on the ground causing a skull fracture and cer vical spine fractures. He was transported to the hospital and later died from hi s injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:41 p.m. on May 21, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing work at a two- story single family residence.  After installing a new roof, he was working from a ladder and cleaning the gutters.  The ladder began to tip to the side, and th en its bottom kicked out.  Employee #1 fell and landed on the ladder, which had fallen to the concrete surface.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, ad mitted, and treated for a fractured right elbow.
caught_nonfatal	On September 1, 2010, Employee #1, a truck driver, was sweeping out his dump truck. As he exited, he placed his foot on the apron of the truck and slipped. His left leg became caught in the drawbar, and he fell two feet, fracturing his leg. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on August 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a masonry company, was engaged in exterior masonry at a two-story multifamily residential building pro ject.  He was climbing a scaffold to return to work after lunch.  The scaffold t ipped over and collapsed, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 9 feet.  Emerge ncy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He w as admitted and treated for multiple fractures of his leg.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on February 10, 2017, Employee #1, a tow truck driver , was picking up a semi-truck to deliver to a trucking yard. He worked for a tow ing company. As he disconnected the semi-truck from the tow truck, it rolled off blocks and crushed him between the grill of the semi-truck and tow truck. Emplo yee #1 suffered fractured ribs, a crushed left chest and abdomen, and lacerated spleen. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he underwent surg ical procedures and received post-operative treatment and care, and was then hos pitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on September 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction serv ices company, was working at a two-story residential building.  He was removing material from a window overhang when he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of approximately 13 feet 8 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to the third vertebra, right clavicle, left wrist, and a head laceration.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:20 a.m. on February 10, 2017, an employee sets a window, on the southwest c orner of a building, from a supported scaffold, lifted by a JLG, Rough Terrain F orklift.  As the forklift operator, maneuvers the boom (backwards), three employ ees on the scaffold, then pass under a cable wire. While moving over a vehicle, the employee's head incidentally, contacts a cable wire resulting in a loss of b alance. The employee fell from the scaffold 6 to 8 feet, landing head first agai nst a parking block.  The employee sustained fractures to his skull, contusions to his heart and lungs and is taken by ambulance to hospital for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on November 19, 2018, an employee was unloading crates by dragging them from the nose of the trailer to the tail using the metal band straps that h eld the crates together as hand holds. The manual hand pallet jack could not be used to offload the product due to its unusual length and the way that it was lo aded in between and on top of other pallets. After unloading the first crate, th e employee went to pull the second crate to the back of the trailer.   As he was pulling the crate out, it became caught slightly between another pallet of frei ght causing the metal band to break from the force of the pulling motion. As the metal band broke, the employee lost his balance and stumbled backwards 5 to 6 f eet falling approximately 4 feet to the ground fracturing his ribs, skull, and s pine. The employee was transported to a local hospital, where he underwent surge ry for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On June 10, 2010, Employees #1, #2, #3, and #4 were moving a forty foot aluminum extension ladder when it toppled over into electrical power lines. The lines were operating at 24Kv phase to phase. When the ladder contacted the line it caused a fireball to erupt at the base of the ladder. Employee #1 and Employee #2 were holding the ladder, while Employee #3 and Employee #4 were standing within 2 feet away. CPR was performed on Employee #1 and Employee #2, however Employee #1 died at the hospital 4 days later. Employee #2 suffered severe burns and Employee #3 and Employee #4 were treated and released from local hospitals with burns.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on May 25, 2016, an employee climbed a ladder and handed the owner of the company on the roof some tools.  He then began descending down a 40-foot metal extension ladder (no manufacturing label).  The employee fell 25 feet to t he ground from the ladder and was killed as a result of multiple blunt force tra uma to the face, arms , and body.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:07 p.m. on December 31, 2017, an employee was wrapping pallets when he was struck by an industrial truck. The employee sustained back injuries, several bro ken ribs, and a head injury, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was working at a multiemployer construction site.  He was drilling into the co ncrete floor of an electrical cabinet when he was electrocuted from the live par ts of the electric panel.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was t ransported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries associated with an electric shock.
electrocution_fatal	On December 29, 2008, workers employed by J. Henn & Son were working at a residential home, located in Baltimore, MD. They were installing aluminum window wrapping to the third floor windows. The owner climbed a ladder carrying an aluminum strip, approximately 5-ft long and 12-in. wide. At the top of the ladder, the aluminum strip the owner was holding blew upward in the wind, and into electrical power lines running parallel to the residence. The owner received an electrical shock from the 7,620 volt power line and lost his grip on the ladder. He fell approximately 30 ft to the ground. Emergency responders were called and the owner was transported by ambulance to the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Unit in full cardiac arrest. He later died of his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 4, 2018, an employee was working as part of a crew inst alling underground utility lines. At some point the employee entered the trench to repair a line that had become detached. At the same time a coworker, operatin g a backhoe loader, was dumping sand into the trench using the backhoe bucket. D uring a pass dumping sand in the trench, the employee was struck-by the bucket o f the backhoe and was injured. The employee was hospitalized with leg and pelvis fractures.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on January 20, 2022, an employee was working for a large internati onal company that manufactured farm and construction machinery. She was working as an assembler on an assembly line in the facility's 884 department. The firm's L-Series utility wheel loaders were being assembled there. She was operating a Southworth lift table, with loader frame dolly G3, in the lift table east locati on. This was at column AA44. At this station, the utility wheel loader's front f rame was loaded onto a transport cart. The lift table ran on three-phase 480 vol ts AC. It had a capacity of 12,000 lbs. (53.4 kilonewtons). The loader frame sha ft diameter was 60 mm (2.4 inches), and the disc diameter was 203.2 mm (8.0 inch es). The employee had finished hooking up the loader's parking brake and was get ting ready to lower the frame onto the front dolly of the transport cart. The em ployee had her left foot on the 'down' pedal as she lowered the lift. At the sam e time, she was using her right hand to align the dolly bearing with the hole in the frame that was being lowered. The employee lowered the frame with the foot pedal as she adjusted the dolly under the frame. The employee's fingers became c rushed in between the frame and the transport cart dolly. The fingertips of the middle and ring fingers on the employee's right hand were partially amputated, t o the bottom of the nail bed. She was treated and released. She was not hospital ized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on April 10, 2017, an employee was putting work tools away inside a storage container onsite.  He was locking the door of the storage container. A bull dozer operator was waiting for the employee to lock a storage container so he could pull the machine up to the locked doors.  This was the co mpany's practice to keep people from breaking into the storage container. The bu lldozer operators foot accidently slipped off the brake because his boot was co vered in mud.  The bulldozers drove forward striking the employee. The employee was caught between the bulldozer and a storage container. The employee suffered blunt force trauma injuries of torso and lower extremity and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:04 a.m. on January 13, 2022, Employee #1 was repairing a broken spring on a n overhead door. Employee #1 was attempting to release the power arm for the gar age door from the track. Employee #1 stated the power arm was sticking, and, whe n it released, he lost his balance and fell off of the ladder to the concrete fl oor. Employee #1 sustained a laceration to his head and a fracture to is left ar m.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_fatal	At 9:00 p.m. on July 18, 2017, an employee was using a grinder to remove a bolt from a flange connecting two sections of a wind tower. As the bolt loosened, the sections separated. The support trunnion slid out from under one section, which tipped on one end. The employee was crushed between the two sections, sustainin g injuries to his abdomen and pelvis. The employee was hospitalized for his inju ries.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 14, 2015, a drywall delivery truck (boom lift truck oper ator) was placing a load of drywall in a second story window, directly over the employee. The employee was unloading the drywall, and the boom lift truck operat or took a break. The load was suspended above the employee, and partially inside the second story window. Movement of the load resulted in the drywall falling o ut of the boom lift truck cradle, landing on the employee causing fatal injuries . The employee was killed and crushed by 4X10 foot sheets of drywall panels.
electrocution_fatal	On June 11, 2003, Employee #1 was on a service call to repair electrical power lines downed from storm damage. Employee #1 came into contact with a live conductor on a 3-phase system that was hot. The contact with the live conductor wire resulted in fatal electrical injuries to Employee #1.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on April 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing company, was working at a two-story multifamily residential construction project .  Working from an extension ladder, he erected a sheet of plywood.  As Employee #1 descended the ladder, the plywood fell and struck him.  Employee #1 fell fro m the ladder, a fall height of 5 to 7 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a head injury, a left temporal lobe brain hemorrhage.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 4, 2021, Employee #1 was working on the roof of a new r esidential structure.  In an attempt to untangle his fall protection, he disconn ected from it.  The employee fell from roof, a fall height of 21 feet, and struc k the frozen ground.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a compound fracture to the right leg.
struck_fatal	At 6:45 a.m. on March 22, 2022, an employee was driving to San Antonio from the Kerrville Office location to deliver dumpsters/containers that needed maintenanc e/repair. The employee was driving a 2011 Ford F-750 4 by 2 with a trailer 7005, Model 8540, Serial Number 1G9CT3722XA116001 in tow heading to San Antonio, TX f rom Kerrville, TX.  The employee was towing four large blue commercial dumpsters on the flat-bed trailer, strapped down by 4-inch winch straps and one dumpster on the forks of the F-750 truck bed.  These dumpsters were to delivered to the S an Antonio yard for refurbishing, and the employee was to pick up refurbished du mpsters to take back to the Kerrville yard.   The employee was traveling on Inte rstate 10, eastbound in Boerne, TX at about 6:10 a.m.  It is unsure as to why th e employee pulled over during the commute; however, after viewing police departm ent video, a CSHO noticed that one of the 4-inch Kinedyne ratchet straps was not secured to the trailer.  During the commute, the employee may have noticed the loose strap and pulled over on the shoulder of Interstate 10 eastbound in Boerne , TX.  The employee pulled the vehicle over onto the shoulder of I-10 eastbound, between Doeskin Dr. and Ranger Dr. When viewing police body camera footage, a C SHO noticed that the trailer did not have emergency hazard lights in operation, nor the use of warning triangles to alert flowing traffic.  While the employee w as outside of the vehicle attempting to re-secure the strap to secure the dumpst er, a vehicle was traveling eastbound on I-10, striking him, resulting in the fa tality of the employee.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 21, 2017, Employees #1 and #2 and Coworker #1, construc tion workers working at a residential construction project, were preparing to wo rk on a pump jack scaffold.  Coworker #1 was on the building's roof and lifting a section of scaffold into place when the scaffold fell and made contact with an overhead power line.  The power arced, and Employees #1 and #2, on the ground, were shocked.  Emergency services were called, and the injured employees were tr ansported to the hospital.  Employee #1 was treated for electric shock and burns and released.  Employee #2, who was more severely injured, was admitted and tre ated for electric shock and burns.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 10, 2020, an employee was working for a firm that constr ucted highways, streets, and bridges. He was the operator of a combination PS-27 00 Power Paver and CMI PS3202 two-track belt placer/spreader. At the time, two m aintenance workers were servicing the hydraulic system of the PS-2700 Power Pave r's conveyer belt. They were working on the PS-2700 Power Paver's CMI PS3202 con crete conveyor assembly. They had taken the conveyer assembly out of service in an elevated position, because one of its two hydraulic cylinder pistons was disp laced from the knuckle attachment. The two maintenance workers were actuating th e piston rod into its extended position so that they could temporarily weld the piston to the knuckle case. The maintenance workers could then lower the conveyo r belt to the ground, replace the hydraulic cylinders, and return the machine to service. As one maintenance worker was actuating the hydraulic piston, the mach ine operator was walking next the elevated conveyer belt. As the employee walked under the elevated conveyor system, the hydraulic system failed, and the belt a ssembly fell unexpectedly. The employee was struck by the falling equipment and was trapped between the belt assembly and the ground. The area around the machin e was not marked, and the employee was wearing a high visibility vest. He sustai ned multiple crushing injuries, and he was killed.
caught_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 2, 2015, an employee was diving a trackhoe to a work site o n the Green River shoreline.  The employee was trapped in the cab of the trackho e when it rolled over and fell into the river.  The employee drowned.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:40 p.m. on May 10, 2018, Employee #1 was helping his coworkers unload a pac kaging machine, weighing more than 4,000 pounds, from inside an enclosed 53 foot long semi-trailer. The employee and the manager were inside of the trailer to s tabilize the Pack 301, packaging machine while the forklift operator used the ti p of one of the forklifts tines to lift part of the packing machine over the lip of a dock plate to pull it out of the semi-trailer. The packing machine was abo ut two-thirds of the way out of the trailer when the back feet got caught on the dock plate. The operator set the machine down on the dock plate and repositione d the forklift beneath the packaging machine to try to lift it a second time. Du ring the second lift, the operator was still only able to get the tip of one of the forklift tines under the packing machine, so the employee and coworkers trie d pulling it out of the semi-trailer, but were not able to support the machine e nough to lift the back feet over the dock plate. As the operator lowered the mac hine with the forklift, the machine shifted and fell off of the forklift tine on to Employee #1. He was caught between the machine and the doorway of the buildin g. The employee freed himself but suffered a fractured rib, fractured ankle, abr asions to his torso and head, and demonstrated concussion symptoms. He was hospi talized for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing and HVAC co mpany, was engaged in repair work on the roof of a two-story manufacturing plant .  As he attempted to lower a rope to the foreman below, Employee #1 stepped off the roof's edge and fell, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  Emergency se rvices transferred the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treat ed for a fractured right foot and ankle.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on February 15, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by an exc avation company, were using a trackhoe to position a precast concrete storm drai n basin/box in an unprotected trench.  During this operation, the storm drain ba sin struck and fractured Employee #1's right leg.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the fractured leg.
electrocution_fatal	A plumber was using a 120-volt electric drill to bore a tunnel under the concrete foundation of a house. As he was working, he was lying on an extension cord set supplying the drill. After he had been working for about 30 minutes, a coworker found him unresponsive. He had been electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	Employees of two contractors, Pike Electric and the Fishel Company, were working to attach an underground power line to a utility pole to an overhead power line through a riser. A Pike Electric employee was kneeling on the ground, holding the lateral cable. He was using a knife to skin the insulation from the cable. An employee of the Fishel Company energized the 7200-volt line from another location. The Pike employee received an electric shock and died at the hospital.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 10:15 a.m. on April 27, 2017, an employee was opening the box d oor of a roll off.    A thousand pound bale of trash fell out of the roll off an d onto the employee, resulting in broken legs, and the loss of a kidney.  The em ployee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on January 7, 2021, Employee #1 was working at the site of a comme rcial building rehabilitation.  He was prying up a wood board when a piece of wo od struck and punctured his right eye.  The employee was transported to the hosp ital, admitted, and treated for the eye wound.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on March 24, 2003, Employee #1, a service technician with Certified Air Technologies, Inc., was dispatched to a two-story medical office building located in La Puente, CA, to fix an air conditioning unit. He arrive at the site around 3:30 p.m. and went to the roof of the building to check the panel for loose or incorrect wiring, or for blown fuses. At approximately 5:15 p.m., Employee #1 was trying to reverse the rotation of the fan-motor on the A/C unit when he touched the wrong fan wires in a 480-volt electrical panel and received an electric shock. He suffered second-degree burns to his hands and was transported to Queen of the Valley Hospital in West Covina, CA, where he was treated for 18 hours and then released. Employee #1 was working alone and there were no witnesses to the accident. He later reported that he was neither provided nor was he wearing any approved insulated hand gloves when accident occurred. The employer was cited for violations, general, of T8CCR 3203(b)(2) and T8CCR 3203(a)(3); and for violations, serious, of T8CCR 2320.2(a)(3) and T8CCR 2320.2 (a)(4).
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 18, 2018, an employee was tightening a bolt that was loose with a drill and made contact with the socket with the back of the drill, causing an arc flash.  The employee sustained second degree burns to his hands a nd was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 12:08 p.m. on February 24, 2016, an employee was adjusting the pitch of a til ler by going in between the tiller and tractor. The employee was caught in the r unning blades of the tiller and pulled in, receiving amputations. He was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a construct ion company, was climbing an extension ladder in preparation for installing shea thing to a roof.  Employee #1 fell, from either the ladder or the roof structure , and struck his head on concrete.  He was transported to the hospital for treat ment of major head trauma.  Employee #1 died on June 28, 2019.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on February 7, 2019, an employee was moving an elevated platform i nto position to start work when a semi-trailer drove past and caused the platfor m to swing.  The employee lost his balance and fell, striking his head against t he concrete walkway.  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on July 25, 2016, Employee #1 was waiting on an over sized load to remove cones.  Employee #1 was killed when a construction vehicle backed up and ran over him.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on October 8, 2015, an employee, who was a 59 years old crane oper ator, was moving a steel assembly that weighed approximately 3,000 lbs with a cr ane. Prior to placing the load on the truck, the load tipped and slid out of the hooks, striking the employee in the lower leg and knocking him to the floor. Th e employee sustained a broken tibia and fibula and was hospitalized. The employe e had surgery. The employee died approximately three weeks later from a pulmonar y embolism.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 9:27 a.m. on November 4, 2013, Employee #1, a welder with Bogh Engineering Inc., was on the roof of a two-story building under construction and was welding a section of the roof for an HVAC unit placement. Employee #1 was sitting on a closed section of the HVAC duct next to an opening in the roof. As Employee #1 shifted his weight to continue welding another section, he lost his balance and fell, about 17 feet, through the opening to the second floor below. Employee #1 was hospitalized with fractures, or other unspecified injuries, to his leg, hip and head.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 13, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an electrical contractor, were engaged in pre-planning work for a job to be done at a later d ate.  They opened an electrical panel, and an arc flash occurred.  Emergency ser vices were called, and both employees were transported to the hospital.  They bo th were admitted and treated for burns, including burns to the face.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 22, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete company, wa s pouring concrete at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story resident ial structure.  He was operating the concrete discharge hose attached to a concr ete pumper when the pumper's outriggers shifted and sank into the ground.  The p umper tilted over, and the pumper's steel boom arm struck Employee #1.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a severe head injury causing memory loss, a shattered foot which became infected and required amputation of the foot and leg, and a fr actured upper arm.
struck_fatal	At approximately 7:30 A.M., on January 3, 2015, Employee #1, a 51 year old male truck driver, was parked and resting inside his semi-truck at a rest-stop along US 30 Eastbound in Mansfield, Ohio.  A rest-stop employee was driving to the res t-stop, when the rest-stop employee's vehicle slid on the icy surface and struck Employee #1 parked semi-truck. The rest-stop employee awoke Employee #1 who was resting inside the truck, to alert him to the incident.  Employee #1 exited the semi-truck to inspect his truck for damage. The rest-stop employee went inside of the rest-stop to file an incident report. While Employee #1 was inspecting th e outside of his truck for damage, a third driver slid into the semi-truck due t o icy parking lot conditions, striking Employee #1, who was killed from blunt fo rce trauma.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on August 8, 2018, Employee #1 was replacing the upper limit switch on the cold marker machine. After the switch was replaced, he began moving the writing arm of the machine to connect the safety pin. The employee's right ring finger became caught in the pinch point between the safety pin and the pin slot. He sustained a fracture to the tip of his right ring finger and was hospitalize d.
electrocution_fatal	On January 16, 2007, Employee #1 was part of a crew that was replacing a wooden pole with an 80 ft tall steel pole at the rear of a home in Fayetteville, NC. The utility facilities attached to the poles included, from top to bottom, a galvanized steel shield wire, three de-energized and grounded aluminum transmission conductors insulated for 115 kilovolts, three aluminum distribution conductors energized at 12.5/7.2 kilovolts, and an aluminum neutral conductor. In addition, one uninsulated and three insulated galvanized steel guys were attached to the opposite side of the pole behind the shield wire and the transmission and distribution conductors; these were all pulled tightly to anchor rods at ground level. A ground rod had been installed next to the steel pole and connected to it with a short piece of #4 copper wire. The shield wire and transmission conductors had been disconnected from the wood pole and attached to the steel one. The top portion of the wood pole had also been cut off down to the level of the top distribution conductor, which was attached to the steel pole while also still attached to the wood pole. A coworker was using a Lug-All hoist to pull the middle distribution conductor close enough to the steel pole to allow a first-class lineman to attach it to the polymer insulator. During this process, the steel extension link between the steel pole and the insulator inadvertently contacted a steel ring on one end of the metal-bodied hoist. The steel hook on the other end of the hoist was either touching or in close proximity to the energized conductor, resulting in the pole becoming energized. Approximately 10 ft away, on the opposite side of the metal pole from the first-class lineman and working in a separate bucket, was Employee #1, also a first-class lineman. He was using #4 copper wire to bind together all the guys. The copper bonding conductor had been connected to the uninsulated top guy and Employee #1 was preparing to connect it to the next guy. When the pole and uninsulated guy became energized, so did the copper bonding conductor. This created a difference of potential between the copper bonding conductor and the insulated guy. Employee #1 was not wearing rubber gloves and he was electrocuted when he contacted both the energized bonding conductor and the insulated guy.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a multifamily residential structure.  After sliding pieces of p lywood from the second floor down to the first floor, he used a 14-foot aluminum extension ladder to descend from the second floor.  The employee slipped and fe ll to the first floor's concrete surface.  He was hospitalized for treatment of a bleeding and fractured skull.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in reroofing activity at a one-story residential structure.  He was on the roof and carrying a box of nails toward the work area when he fell, a fall h eight of 10 feet, and struck the floor.  The employee was transported to the hos pital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured arm and a fractured hi p.
struck_nonfatal	On March 5, 2014, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, of J.R. Pipeline Company, Inc., were engaged in a sewer tunnel rehabilitation project at a sewer/water treatment plant. Employee #1 was riding to the work location in the tunnel, sitting in the bucket of a small skid-steer loader as the loader backed down the tunnel. Coworker #1 was operating the loader. Coworker #1 actuated the control to raise the bucket. Employee #1 struck the top of the tunnel. He was able to exit the tunnel, and was then transported to the hospital. Employee #1 was admitted and treated for injuries to his head and upper torso. This incident was investigated by Cal/OSHA.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:07 p.m. on December 31, 2017, an employee was wrapping pallets when he was struck by an industrial truck. The employee sustained back injuries, several bro ken ribs, and a head injury, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 28, 2007, Employee #1 was working for an electrical contractor that had been hired by a retail establishment to change out old ballast and lamps. He was standing on a ladder changing the ballast in a Sylvania ceiling fixture, QHE2X32T8/UNV, when he received an electric shock and fell off the ladder. Employee #1 suffered a serious injury to his left arm, for which he was hospitalized. The ceiling fixture was energized.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:20 p.m. on June 19, 2013, an employee was welding out a hole in the overhea d of a rake bow for a jack up rig using a welding box (LN-25 Portable CV/CC Semi automatic Wire Feeder), blower box and personal tool bucket.  Several coworkers took a break from 3:00 p.m. to 3:15 p.m.; however, the employee did not come out of the hole for a break which was not uncommon for him to do so.  The employee' s supervisor went to check on him inside the hole and noticed a burn on the side of the employee's face.  The inside of the hole was not wet and there was a blo wer approximately 4 feet away blowing directly on him but the employee was elect rocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:55 p.m. on February 23, 2022, an employee and coworker installed beams and joists while working from the top plate of a sixth story building. At the same time, a crane (Peiner SK 415-20 Fixed jib tower crane) hoisted two beams, each w eighing approximately three hundred and ninety-six pounds, using two sixteen-foo t Tuflex LiftAll polyester round slings (Serial#1832288-3 and 1810156) and conne cted to a ten-foot wire rope bridle using two hooks (LBK-13-10) attached to the crane block. As the load was moved, the slings slipped and caused the beams to s lip, swing uncontrollably, and strike the employee who then lost balance and fel l approximately nine feet. Coworkers found the employee unconscious and emergenc y services were called. The employee woke a short time later in pain and was tra nsported by ambulance to the hospital. The employee was hospitalized to treat fr actures to two vertebrae, manubrium (sternum), and two ribs.
caught_fatal	At 11:30 p.m. on November 10, 2017, two employees loaded the strand reel cable o nto the strand rack.  One of the hooks became caught on the strand reel cable an d pulled the rack over on top of the employees.   Employee #1 was killed and Emp loyee #2 was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on May 20, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s repairing the roof of a residence.  The fascia board broke, and the employee f ell, a fall height of 8 feet, and struck the lawn.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured spine.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:22 p.m. on January 17, 2017, an employee was replacing heat exchangers on roof top heating units. He was moving the old heat exchanger to th e edge of the roof and fell over the edge and landed on partially frozen ground. The employee suffered multiple blunt force trauma injuries and was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on October 14, 2014, an employee was installing flas hing on a flat roof. He fell from the ladder while descending from it to the con crete surface below. The employee suffered from head injury, and fractured back and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:06 a.m. on August 28, 2017, Employee #1, a truck driver, was moving his per sonal belongings from one truck to another, due to a change in truck assignments . The employee fell while either getting into or out of the truck.  Employee #1 suffered head trauma when he either hit his head on the pavement or on the truck . There were no witnesses, and the camera footage did not show the actual accide nt. He was hospitalized due to his injury.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 18, 2018, an employee was welding an axle extension and lifted the part to reorient it before making another weld on it.  The employee p laced his hand on the chain to guide the part and it struck the corner of the wo rk table, twisting it.  The employee caught his thumb in the chain as it twisted and later had it surgically amputated.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on March 6, 2021, an employee replaced a board on a porch roof and then began the process to shingle the roof. At some point, the employee stepped on the newly installed board, which became loose, lost balance, fell approximat ely twelve feet, and was killed by head, neck and spine trauma.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 18, 2015, an employee was removing metal roofing by li fting up on a recently unscrewed section.  The employee was attempting to separa te the butyl tape that was connecting the unscrewed piece of metal to a piece of metal roofing that was still attached.    The employee was not wearing fall pro tection while pulling on the section of metal roofing. While pulling on the loos e piece of metal roofing, the employee put his foot on a fixed section of roofin g. The employee's foot slipped and he lost his balance, falling through a 3 foot wide by 31 foot long opening in the roof. The employee sustained head and full body system injuries consistent with a 25 foot fall and was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on December 26, 2014, Employee #1 was installing wiri ng to energize window shades standing on a scaffold, 24 foot high. While climbin g on the scaffold he fell and suffered a massive blunt trauma to his face and he ad.  Employee #1 died.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 17, 2005, Employee #1 was installing permanent emergency lighting. He accidentally cut into a live neutral conductor while his hand or finger was touching the uninsulated portion of the wire cutter. He suffered an electric shock from the 277-volt circuit, and had to be hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on November 14, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as installing shingles on the roof of a two-story residential structure.  For fa ll protection, he was wearing a body belt secured at the front waist D-ring to a lanyard, with the lanyard secured by a hand-tied knot to an anchor point hook o n the roof.  The knot became untied, and the employee fell.  He was transported to the hospital, where he required surgery and several days of hospitalization f or a compound fracture to his right arm.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 a.m. on January 26, 2021, Employee #1 was operating a salt spreading mac hine.  When the machine's screw auger jammed, he cleared the jam, and the screw auger resumed rotating.  The employee was unable to totally remove his hand in t ime, and the rotating auger's blade amputated his thumb.  The employee was trans ported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the amputation.
caught_fatal	On July 11, 2013, Employee #1 strapped an empty 6,500 gallon poly tank to a carriage, so as to move the standing tank down a horizontal position. Once the tank was lowered, it would be transported to the public roadway. Coworkers found Employee #1 crushed between the carriage and the tank. A local sheriff's department responded to the site. Employee #1 was transported to a local area hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 21, 2017, an employee was working from a roof, unscrewing screws to detach clips that were holding roofing material in place. During work, a gust of wind caused the employee to fall 17 feet. The employee suffered a fra ctured skull and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 p.m. on August 3, 2018, an employee was using a walking floor trailer to haul bales of recycled material to a waste facility. He had performed this task for several weeks. During work, the employee backed the trailer through a door in the waste facility and then left the trailer to unstrap the door of the trail er. He had been hauling a bale of material that measured 3 feet by 4 feet by 5 f eet and weighed 1,800 pounds, which fell out of the trailer as he unstrapped its door. The material struck the employee on his left side and broke his leg below the knee. Emergency services were contacted, and the employee was taken to near by hospital, where he was admitted and received treatment.
electrocution_fatal	On August 26, 2003, Employee #1 was hooking up a septic tank under a trailer that was being used as an office. He was laying on the ground making PVC pipe connections when a coworker found him unresponsive. Emergency Services was called and declared Employe #1 dead from unknown causes. An administrative coworker inside the trailer who responded to give assistance said that she had received an electric shock when she touched the side of the trailer and the aluminum steps and railing leading from the trailer to the ground.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 and a coworker were cutting down and pruning trees. Employee #1 was working from an aluminium extension ladder propped against a large tree. The worker was using a 15 ft aluminum painter's roller extension pole with a bungied hook to try and snag entangled vines. During this process, the metal pole made contact with an overhead power line. Electricity proceeded down the pole, shocking Employee #1, who fell from the ladder to the ground.
struck_fatal	At 6:45 a.m. on December 11, 2020, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a pour ed concrete construction company, were pouring a concrete floor at grade level f or a new five-story commercial building.  Employee #1 was operating the end hose of the concrete pump truck's delivery pipe system.  The ground under the outrig gers on the truck's passenger side collapsed, causing the truck to shift and the truck's boom/delivery pipe to strike Employee #1.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
fall_fatal	Employee #1 was installing metal trim along a rake edge of a steep pitched roof. Three coworkers were on the opposite side of the roof that had a lower pitch, a lso installing metal trim. Employee #1 fell approximately 15 feet from the ungua rded steep pitched roof to the lower deck area, striking vertical wood framing m embers that were placed on 16 inch centers. Employee #1was taken to a nearby hos pital, where he later died from his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working on his knees inside a water tank.  He was operating a Dewalt 4011 Angle Grinder, Type 1, 120 V, 50/60 HZ, 12000 RPM with a Pro Star Cut Off Wheel, diameter 4.5, thickness 0.45 inches, max RPM 13300, and cutting off welding tac ks inside the water tank.  The angle grinder kicked back, and the cut off wheel struck and cut Employee #1's right knee and lower hamstring.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for lacerations that damaged bone and tendon in his leg and knee.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on June 22, 2018, Employee #1 had completed removing old siding fro m three dormers. The employee crossed over the peak of the roof from front to ba ck and fell approximately 32 feet to the concrete. The employee sustained multip le fractures and a puncture to the head, possibly from a hammer. Employee #1 was killed in the fall.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 9, 2016, an employee was operating a scissor lift and backed the scissor lift off the edge of the 14th floor. The employee was kille d from blunt force trauma to the entire body.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:45 am on June 4, 2015, an employee and a manager were unloadi ng slabs of quartz from an enclosed 20-foot shipping container. The quartz slabs were 108" x 55" and each weighed around 454 pounds. The slabs were packed verti cally with 10 slabs in a wood crate. The container contained 60 slabs of quartz that were shipped from China. The six crates were loaded into the shipping conta iner with three in the front and three in the back of the container and when you looked into the container two crates were on the right side and one on the left with a 26" gap between the crates. The manager and the employee had removed the ends and the side next to the opening of the middle crate to unload the quartz. The employee was pinned between the slabs and the crate on the left side. There were no witnesses to the incident. The manager was placing the first slab on th e storage rack with the forklift when he heard the victim screaming and he went back to the container and the victim was pinned between 5-6 slabs and another cr ate of quartz. The employee was crushed and died from injuries.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:10 on Wed. April 15, 2009, Employee #1 and the owner of the farm were loading cob corn from a gravity fed Farm and Fleet Stores wagon up to a John Deere Model 200 elevator owned by the farmer and into the bed of one of the employer's trucks. The wagon was nearly empty when Employee #1 and the farmer, working on the opposite sides of the elevator bent down at the knees and waist to get the last of the corn out of the wagon. As Employee #1 bent down his untucked front shirt tail became entangled in the shaft of the power take off from the tractor powering the elevator. Employee #1's head and neck contacted the moving elevator resulting in lacerations to his head and neck and severe bruising of the face, neck and shoulders. Sheriff and EMTs responded and Employee #1 died at the local hospital a short time later. The listed cause of death from the coroner was that Employee #1 died of massive head and neck trauma to the right side due to the employee's clothes being caught in the power take off.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on December 9, 2017, Employee #1 was repairing a 4,800 volt electr ic power line after a car struck a pole. The employee grabbed the wire with both hands with no insulating gloves or sleeves. He sustained severe electrical burn s to both hands and was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on March 10, 2019, an employee was transferring fuel into a 1,000 g allon tank. He was a truck driver and was tasked with delivering the fuel to a c ustomer. After completing the fuel transfer, the employee  climbed to the top of his tank truck and tripped over a cover of the truck's tank. The employee fell approximately 9 feet to a gravel driveway and sustained blunt-impact injuries. H e died three days later as a result of his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 2:05 p.m. on October 13, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a water and sewer lin e construction company, was installing a 42-inch ductile pipe inside two 10 feet by 24 feet stacked trench boxes inside an 18 feet deep trench.  The trench wall collapsed, fell through the spreader bar, and struck Employee #1 from behind. The employee's body was forced against the ductile pipe.  Employee #1 sustained traumatic injuries and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 26, 2019, Employee #1 was operating a digger derrick, used to drill holes for poles,  to set electrical distribution lines.  Employee #1 was using the portion of the machine used to hold the pole/pos, and at this t ime, an energized, high voltage, transmission line became displaced from a clevi s and the electrical line made contact with Employee #1, then electrocuted and k illed him.
fall_fatal	At 4:22 p.m. on April 21, 2022, an employee was working for a contractor hired t o install siding at a home. While working from the roof of the residence, he fel l onto the driveway and was killed.  Fire Department Medics reported that the em ployee was found unresponsive on the ground next to a ladder.
struck_fatal	At 11:50 a.m. on February 14, 2020, an employee was walking around his truck whe n he was struck by a passing motorist.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 13, 2017, an employee was clearing a hole with a digging bar. The diggin g bar contacted a live bus bar, which caused and arc flash. As a result, the emp loyee's top right hand was burned.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 30, 2018, an employee was dumping mulch from a dump truck and left the truck bed elevated.  The truck struck and pulled down several over head power lines and the employee attempted to manually remove the energized lin es with the use of a wooden hammer handle.  The employee came into contact with an energized conductor and was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 p.m. on October 23, 2017, an employee was presumably walking on top of a wall and fell onto a concrete floor. There was no one else on site at that time . The employee sustained blunt force trauma to the head and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 7:05 on February 14, 2017, and employee was walking towards the yard office. The employee was struck and killed by a jockey truck.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 24, 2017, an employee was working in an outside area of a sawmill facility where trailers are loaded and unloaded, assisting with the un loading of a curtain side trailer. As the employee was standing on a concrete su rface, positioned midway along the left side of the curtain side trailer, he gra sped a vertical column with two hands and attempted to lift it out of its socket . The vertical column, which was still under load by the curtain cover assembly, collapsed and struck the employee on the left side of his face. The force of th e blow knocked the employee to the ground, fracturing his right hip. The employe e was taken to a nearby urgent care facility, where he underwent surgery.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:09 a.m. on June 26, 2015, Employee #1 and coworkers were putt ing insulation on a roof. The foreman instructed Employee #1 to pull the insulat ion material and Employee #1, not wearing safety harness, stepped on it and fell 22.7 feet and struck the concrete floor below.  Employee #1 died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:52 p.m. on August 20, 2004, Employee #1 was working at an excavation site. His immediate foreman instructed him to use a hand held Bosch chipper, which apparently caused Employee #1 to receive an electric shock. He was transported to the Community Hospital of the Monterey Peninsula, CA, where he was admitted for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 20, 2015, an employee was operating the controls of a fl at bed trailer so that he could raise a feed bin into position for delivery. As the employee was raising the feed bin into position, it came into contact with 1 4.4 kV overhead power line. The employee was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 24, 2022, an employee worked while on an unfinished roof while framing a soffit with a coworker who stood on a metal scaffold. While wor king, the employee slipped on a slippery section of the roof wet from mist or ic e. The employee fell approximately ten feet and six inches and was hospitalized to treat unspecified back injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On November 20, 2003, Employee #1 was using a rough terrain forklift to raise a portable generator onto the roof of a building when the boom contacted a 4,800 volt overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted when he exited the forklift.
electrocution_fatal	On January 14, 2005, Employee #1 was stripping concrete forms in the open basement of a single-family home. He was later found, face down, in a small amount of water in the basement. There was a defective electrical cord lying in the water. Employee #1 had been electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 10:20 a.m. on January 28, 2022, an employee was raising the winch on an oil a nd gas site. The link in the chain caught the edge of the platform that the oper ator was standing on, causing it to fold upwards. The operator was crushed betwe en the guardrail and controls of the rig.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on June 2, 2015, Employee #1 was painting the exteri or of a two story building. He placed a step ladder on a tiled roof top.  The la dder was unsecured and Employee #1 slid off of roof approximately 20 feet landin g on his head. Employee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 29, 2020, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employ ed by a heavy construction company, were engaged in horizontal drilling in a tre nch as part of a water and sewer treatment plant construction project.  They had finished drilling a 1,387-foot-long pilot drill and were using a larger diamete r reamer to push ream a larger hole.  Employee #1 and Coworker #1 were breaking rods as Coworker #2 operated a Ditch Witch JT10 more than 1,380 feet away and ou t of sight of Employee #1 and Coworker #1.  Coworker #2 turned off the drilling process without communicating to Employee # 1 and Coworker #1 that he had locked the drilling operation.  Employee #1 placed hydraulic tongs on the drill pipe. Unaware of Employee #1's action, Coworker #2 turned on the drilling operation. The pipe began to turn, which caused the hydraulic hoses and the cables to catc h and wrap Employee #1 around the pipe.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:02 a.m. on March 16, 2015, an employee was standing on a ladder installing cedar pickets.  The wooden pergola collapsed, striking the employee in the head .  The employee was killed when a large wooden bean struck the employee in the h ead.  The employee was not wearing a hard hat.
electrocution_fatal	A crane operator was moving a rough-terrain crane with the boom raised to 36 degrees and with the jib extended. As he turned the corner of a building, the crane contacted an overhead power line located 10.1 meters above the ground. As the operator exited the crane, he was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on November 13, 2021, an employee (Contractor) was installing house wrap with a pneumatic stapler over exterior sheathing on the first floor of a p re-fabricated house. The employee was found caught between the rails of the scis sor lift and the house wall. The employee had been crushed and asphyxiated, whic h killed him.
electrocution_fatal	On August 15, 2003, Employee #1 was using an electric screw gun to work on a metal building when the tool malfunctioned. He was trying to repair it when he was electrocuted. The screw gun was plugged into an extension cord at the time of the accident.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 p.m. on February 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a municipal public services department, was cleaning out a large "hot box" hopper used for asphalt pothole repair.  The employee raised the lid of the box using a remote control d evice.  He apparently stood too close to the hopper while the hopper lid was ope n.  As he raised the hot box to empty its contents, the heavy mechanical steel l id slammed shut, striking the employee in the head and face.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment o f a broken nose, concussion, a back of the head laceration that required staples , and a laceration under the right eye that required stitches.
struck_fatal	At 3:03 p.m. on April 23, 2021, an employee was working underneath a vehicle whi ch had been raised on a hydraulic auto lift when the vehicle began to rock back and forth. The vehicle fell off of the lift and crushed the employee, killing hi m.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was engaged in exterior painting at the construction site for a two-story residentia l building.  He was working from a ladder when he fell, a fall height of 8 feet. Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:43 a.m. on February 9, 2017, Employee #1 was climbing a ladder to go onto a roof. The roof was slippery due to rain. As the employee was on his way up, th e ladder went sideways, and the employee slipped and fell off of the ladder. Emp loyee #1 landed on the ground and he struck his head.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 a.m. on September 21, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employe d by a construction company, were installing casing for an existing underground water/sewer line.  Coworker #2 was operating a crane and Coworker #1 was flaggin g/providing direction to Coworker #2.  Coworker #1 made the wrong call, and the crane lifted the casing while Employee #1's hand was on top of it.  Employee #1' s hand was pinched and crushed between the casing and the underground line.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for the partial amputation of his right hand's index and middle fingers.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:10 p.m. on April 13, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, hired by a company moving its mill business to a new location, were engaged in framing work at the new location.  Employee #1 climbed a Louisville Fiberglass Tripod Ladder to help Coworker #1, who was nailing a piece of wood into place.  As Employee #1 held t he piece of wood while Coworker #1 nailed it, the ladder, which was damaged, mal functioned and fell to the floor.  Employee #1 also fell, with one leg caught be tween the rungs of the ladder.  Coworker #1 transported Employee #1 to the hospi tal, where Employee #1 required surgery for a fractured ankle.  Employee #1 was released less than 24 hours from his hospital arrival.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on March 30, 2018, an employee was installing helical piers to secu re a foundation on a new construction site. The employee was outside the skid st eer (track loader) cab. The equipment was on. A hydraulic hose that operates the skid steer helical pier driver attachment was wrapped around the right joystick of the skid steer causing the lift arms of the skid steer to activate and lower . The employee was caught between the lift arms and the cab of the track loader and is killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 4, 2021, an employee prepped a roof for an insulation l ayer, then at some point fell twenty-eight feet through a skylight, and was kill ed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 13, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction c ompany, were engaged in rigging work at a construction site.  They were working from a crane.  A metal rigging cable came too close to a power line, and an elec tric arc occurred.  The two employees sustained electrical shocks.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital, ad mitted, and treated for electrical shock.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:38 a.m. on October 18, 2011, Employee #1 and Employee #2, of San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit District, both Train Control Electronic Technicians, were repairing an inoperative button control for Switch 81 located on track RR3. The control was a Presence Detector, an electrical device that uses a conductive loop inside of 0.75 in. PVC pipe that runs along the surface of the ballast to form a loop and detect if a train has entered the area. As the work was performed on Switch 81, for some reason Switch 83 became damaged. Employee #1 was replacing the newly damaged switch, using a metallic crimping tool, and an arc flash occurred on Employee #1's hand or the metallic crimping tool made contact with the third rail. Employee #1 received an electrical shock and was transported to Doctors Hospital in San Pablo, where he was treated and released. This incident was deemed not reportable.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:25 a.m. on January 11, 2019, an employee was repairing pallets using a corr ugated nail gun fastener. The corrugated fastener malfunction and jammed.  The e mployee failed to disconnect the corrugated gun fastener before attempting to tr oubleshoot it and sustained a puncture wound to an artery in the palm of his lef t hand.  The employee was hospitalized to treat the puncture wound on his palm.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 11, 2014, Employee #1, a truck driver, was helping load a 10,000 pound PODS storage container onto a flatbed truck. A forklift was bein g used to place the storage container onto the truck. One of the tie-down straps became stuck, so Employee #1 was trying to free it when the storage container s lipped off of the forks, striking and killing him.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 10, 2018, an employee was working behind a dump truck that was rolling backwards.  The driver lost control of the vehicle, and struck the employee resulting in blunt force trauma to the body. The employee was kill ed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on February 6, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was operating a nail gun while working from scaffolding at a construction sit e.  A beam fell off a post and hit a 2 by 6 plank.  The plank then struck Employ ee #1's right hand, causing the nail gun he was holding in that hand to hit him in the head.  Employee #1 fell from the scaffold, landed on the ground feet firs t, and then collapsed.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a head laceration.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on April 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a lumber company, was w orking at a residential construction site.  He fell through a hole in the stairs , falling from the first floor to the basement.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated f or injuries to his head, ribs, and hip.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 30, 2017, a truck driver delivered a JLG Telehandler to a rental company. The JLG was on a step-deck trailer. A step-deck trailer has an upper deck on the front of the trailer then steps down to a lower level which a llows multiple loads of cargo. The forks on the telehandler were folded under, a nd work-light support brackets located on the left and right side of the telehan dler so the machine could be as far forward as possible against the step. The dr iver backed the rear of his trailer against the offloading platform located in t he yard. The off-loading/loading ramp was a twenty five foot triangle shaped ram p with expanded metal on the ramp for traction. On the upper left and right side of the ramp were two chains that attached to the trailer of the truck to preven t a gap from occurring between the trunk and ramp. The driver put on his hard ha t and exited the truck cab in order to remove the chains and binders holding the piece of equipment on the trailer. An employee of the rental company told the t ruck driver to say out of the way as he backed the machine off the trailer. The rental company employee got into the JLG Telehandler to back it off the trailer. The JLG Telehandler operator sits on the left side and the operator's view is p artially obstructed by the boom and engine. The JLG telehandler is slightly smal ler in width than the ramp so the rental company employee was carefully watching his placement on the ramp as he was backing up. Once the rear wheels of the mac hine were on the ground the carriage was dragging the ground so the rental compa ny employee raised the carriage just enough to keep it from dragging. At this ti me, the machine engaged its auto-leveling system. The auto-leveling system on bo ard the equipment self-adjusts to keep the carriage and the forks in a flat posi tion. When this system operated, the forks, which were still tucked under the wo rk-lights, rose upward slightly and put pressure on the bottom of the work light s. As a result, the pressure on the work-lights caused the lights to be sheared off the brackets and flung into the air. The truck driver was standing on the pa ssenger side of the trailer about half way down and was struck in the face with the lights. The rental company employee who was operating the JLG Telehandler sa w the truck driver fall off the loading dock.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 16, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction cont ractor, was engaged in interior masonry work at a construction site.  He was wor king from the platform of an elevated scissor lift and installing rigid insulati on board.  Employee #1 fell from the scissor lift to the concrete floor, a fall height of 25 feet.  Employee #1 was killed and he was determined to have sustain ed head concussion and fractures of the spine and other bones.
caught_nonfatal	On August 28, 2008, an employee and Coworkers #1 and #2 were attempting to restring a new boom hoist cable to replace one that had become worn. Employee #1 and Coworker #1 #2 were working with a friction hoisting device called a cathead on the right hand side of the oil rig. Coworker #3 had climbed up the derrick structure to connect new lifting cable to old to facilitate replacing the support cable. Employee #1 had tied a 1.625-in. manilla rope to the 0.5-in. cable and was assisted by Coworker #1. Employee #1 looped the manilla rope around the cathead and began pulling the old cable down when the manilla rope crossed over itself on the cathead. Employee #1 and Coworker #1 attempted to uncross the rope by trying to flip the rope off the cathead when Employee #1's arm was caught in a loop of the manilla rope. Employee #1 had his arm pinned to the cathead which was still spinning which severed his arm below the elbow. The emergency services of Reno County, Kansas were called and both Medical and Police arrived at the oil rig. Employee #1 was airlifted to Wesley Medical Center in Wichita, Kansas, where he was hospitalized and treated for an amputation of his arm.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on October 3, 2018, an employee was dumping the third dumpster and got out of the truck to put the empty dumpster back.  As the employee got out o f the truck, it moved forward and pinned him between the front of the truck and the dumpster.  The employee fractured his lower left leg and was transported by paramedics to Loma Linda University Medical Center, where he was admitted for tr eatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 21, 2019, an employee was relocating some metal frames that were stored in the warehouse and unsecured them prior to moving them.  The employee was struck by the frames when they fell and he sustained several fract ured ribs, a laceration to the back of his head, a fractured lumbar, a second la ceration to his right eyebrow, and a lower orbital blowout of an eye socket.  Th e employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a three-story commercial building.  He was loading equipment on a trash basket.  Employee #1 stepped on the trash basket, the basket tipped over, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 22 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured eye socket.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:01 p.m. on January 31, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a framing constructio n company, was engaged in carpentry work at a multiemployer construction project , two-story residential structure.  He was working from the second floor and fra ming a wall when he fell through an opening and struck a bundle of pipes, a fall height of 11 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transpo rted to the hospital, where he was treated for his injuries and released.
fall_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on November 17, 2015, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employed by a roofing contractor, were engaged in roofing work on a second floor roof at a multifamily construction site.  Employee #1 was assisting Coworker #1 to mark chalk lines every foot on the roofing underlayment felt to create the grid for installation of roofing tiles.  They were working on the roof's eave, which had a slope of 3:12.  Coworker #2, the foreman, was installing the last of the under layment felt on the roof ridges.  Employee #1 and Coworker #1 had marked about 1 4 lines when the foreman noticed they had missed marking a line.  He instructed Employee #1 to go back and mark the missing chalk line.  Employee #1 fell from t he eave onto non-compacted dirt, a fall height of approximately 23 feet 9 inches .  Employee #1 sustained blunt force chest trauma was killed.  The subsequent in vestigation determined that the three employees were not wearing fall protection . There was no roof jack system or parapet or any other equivalent protection on the eave, and there was no anchor point installed on the roof.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 28, 2018, an employee was operating a Hyster 120 Forklift to load some drywall board onto a flatbed trailer. After picking up a stack of d rywall, the employee maneuvered the forklift so that it was perpendicular with t he flatbed trailer. He then set the forklift's emergency brake and exited the fo rklift. As the employee was located near the flatbed trailer and elevated load, the forklift's brakes disengaged. As a result, the forklift drifted forward and pinned the employee against the trailer. A coworker witnessed the incident and q uickly reversed the forklift to free the employee. However, the had sustained co mpression fractures to his back and sternum, as well as contusions to his ribs. The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 18, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a constr uction framing company, were positioning a soffit as part of a multiemployer con struction project, a two-story residential structure.  Both were working from A- type ladders.  Employee #1 lost balance and fell, a fall height of 4 feet.  He w as transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured right ankl e.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on September 9, 2015, an employee was holding a high voltage wire that was cut. The employee touched ground and was electrocuted. Th e employee received flash burn to head and upper torso and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 21, 2018, four employees worked to pour concrete onto a bridge deck. At some point, the bridge structure collapsed and all four fell. The employees were taken to a local hospital for treatment of unspecified, multi ple bone fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 25, 2019, an employee climbed a ladder to access a metal roof. While making the transition to the roof, the employee lost balance and fe ll approximately twenty feet. The employee was hospitalized with fractures to th e face, wrist/arm, pelvis and finger.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on March 20, 2017, an employee and a coworker entere d an unprotected excavation approximately 15-18 feet deep. The employee was talk ing to his supervisor approximately 10 feet away from an excavation wall when a section of the wall partially collapsed. The employee was struck by soil materia l falling down. The employee suffered from bruised legs and body system and was treated and released from the local hospital. During the same incident two surve yors employed by a separate company were also injured; the injuries were not spe cified. One of them was treated and released; the other employee was hospitalize d for approximately three days.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 p.m. on December 12, 2017, an employee was checking control cables and fittings inside of an aircraft's tail using a fixed ladder. The ladder was insta lled on the aircraft as a walking/working surface. The aircraft was in a weather controlled aircraft hanger. The ladder was approximately 96 inches tall and use d for access to cowling. The employee was working with a coworker who was in the cockpit. The employee was completely turned around not facing the ladder. The e mployee slipped and slid down the ladder and fell on a concrete surface. The emp loyee sustained a fractured vertebrae. Employee #1 was .
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 27, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was using a handheld circular to cut baseboard trim at a multifamily residenti al structure.  The sawblade contacted and partially amputated his left thumb.  T he employee was hospitalized for treatment of the amputation.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:02 a.m. on July 23, 2014, Employee #1 was working on a road i nside of a barricaded work zone. He was walking toward the rear of a vehicle whe n he was struck by a motor vehicle that entered into the barricaded work zone. E mployee #1 received massive traumas to his mid-section and died.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 15, 2013, Employee #1, an electrician employed by Industrial Electric Company, was performing electrical wiring work along a road. He received an electric shock. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for facial injuries resulting from the electric shock.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 1, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in demolition work at a one-story building that was being renovated. He was attempting to remove drywall from around piping and other installed mec hanical equipment.  A nearby junction box had been left open by other employees working earlier in this space.  Employee #1 came into contact with live wires ex tending from the box, and he was exposed to 227 volts of electricity.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 16, 2021, an employee worked to level a house and made c ontact with live electrical conductors. The employee was electrocuted and killed .
struck_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on July 9, 2016, an employee was working for a trucking firm that p rovided support activities for energy firms in the shale formation. He was worki ng as a truck driver. He was driving toward the intersection of North Dakota Hig hway 23 and US Route 85. He had previously filled a tanker of oil at a well site . His tanker truck rolled over at the ramp unto US Route 85. He struck the inter ior of the cab's truck. He sustained blunt force trauma to his head and face and he was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On December 8, 2008, Employee #1 was using a rotary hammer to drill a series of holes through a foundation wall to create a penetration for a future plumbing line. As he was changing the bit on the rotary hammer, he inadvertently activated its trigger, causing the tool to activate. The glove on his left hand became caught around the bit, causing his left ring finger to be severely damaged. Employee #1 was hospitalized, where his left ring finger was amputated. The incident investigation revealed that Employee #1 was a new employee, and it was his first day on the job. In addition, he had no training and was relying on coworkers' instructions.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 23, 2020, Employee #1, who was a truck driver, arrived a t a cement plant to pick up material. He was operating the truck alone and pulle d up next the "Safe Racks", a work platform designed to provide fall protection for the truck drivers at the batch plant by helping drivers access the top of th eir trailers to open and close the lids.   Video footage from Employee #1's truc k shows that he stayed inside the truck for approximately five minutes, got out of the truck, and then walked across the front of the truck to talk with another truck that had pulled up along the "Safe Racks". Employee #2, who drove truck f or a different company, observed Employee #1 was parked on the wrong side of the "Safe Racks" and was walking "funny", so inquired about his health. Employee #1 replied "for an old man, I am doing fine", and Employee #2 left the "Safe Racks " to load up material. Employee #2 discussed this with the weigh master, and tol d the weigh master he'd check on Employee #1 on his way out.   When Employee #2 pulled his truck to a different "Safe Racks" location, they saw Employee #1 layi ng on the ground on the south side of the truck, several feet away from the truc k. Employee #2 and a helper ran to Employee #1, called emergency services, infor med the weigh master, and returned to perform first aide until ambulances arrive d. A safety manager also arrived shortly after the incident occurred. Employee # 1 was taken to Antelope Valley Hospital, where he later died of his injuries. Employee #1 did not have any visible injuries to indicate a fall from the top of the "Safe Racks" and was found too far away (approximately 5 to 7 feet away fro m the truck and 12 feet away from the "Safe Racks") to have fallen from the truc k or the "Safe Racks". Cal OSHA was unable to determine the exact cause of the a ccident. However, according the to medical examiner's report, Employee #1 suffer ed blunt force trauma to the head.
struck_fatal	At 1:56 a.m. on February 17, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a food service compa ny, was walking toward the warehouse building after parking his truck in the war ehouse lot. He was struck by a trailer transportation vehicle on the dock lot. E mployee #1 sustained body and head trauma and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	A power line crew was replacing a utility pole and reconnecting service to a remodeled house. One crew member was operating an Altec D-842 digger-derrick, and the other two crew members were guiding the pole into the ground. One of these two workers was wearing rubber insulated gloves with leather protectors, but the other was wearing only leather gloves. The pole contacted a 7,200-volt, single-phase, overhead power line. (The pole had a copper ground line attached to its entire length, and it contacted the power line.) The worker who was wearing only leather gloves received an electric shock, with entry and exit wounds on his right hand and right foot. He was hospitalized with third-degree burns to his right arm, hand, and foot and a fractured shoulder. The morning of the accident was sunny, and light dew covered the ground.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:42 a.m. on December 10, 2021, an employee climbed the side of a metal scaf fold while holding a pressure washer sprayer. While climbing, the employee slipp ed and fell approximately fifteen feet. The employee was taken to the hospital d ue to back pain and was treated without hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 3:35 p.m. on February 3, 2015, an employee was working on a metal scaffold at approximately  18 to 20 feet above the ground  installing a gutter on new roof. The fell off unguarded scaffold and was killed from blunt force trauma.  The s caffold was not properly erected.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:42 a.m. on January 24, 2020, an employee was working on a concrete pumping crew at a roadside construction site. The employee was attempting to repair a h ydraulic chain drive on a cement bulker when the drive unexpectedly started with his left hand in the hydraulic chain drive. The employee amputated three finger s, requiring hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on June 25, 2018, an employee was working at a residential construc tion site. As the employee was working from the second floor of a residence, per forming snapping and marking work along its perimeter, he fell approximately 11 feet and struck a concrete surface below. Emergency services were contacted and the employee was transported to a nearby hospital for treatment. The employee di ed five days later.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 31, 2019, an employee attempted to close the tailgate o f a dump truck. The employee removed a clump of clay that blocked the tailgate f rom closing and the tailgate fell down onto the employee's hand. The employee's left middle and ring fingers were caught in the tailgate and amputated. The empl oyee was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
struck_fatal	On February 13, 2014, Employee #1 was driving a Ford F-450 truck during snow removal operations and stopped on the shoulder of the roadway to clean his windshield wipers. He was standing in the open driver's doorway when his vehicle was struck in the rear by a second snow removal truck. The impact threw Employee #1 backwards into the roadway where he was then struck and killed by his truck.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:56 a.m. on December 30, 2014, Employee #1 was operating a semi-truck, tran sporting dirt using an end-dump trailer. The employee raised the trailer to less than a foot away from a 12,500 volt overhead power line. The electricity from t he overhead power line transferred to the trailer, energizing it. When Employee #1 stepped from the cab of the semi and touched the ground, the semi became part of the electrical circuit, discharging to ground.  The employee received an ele ctrical shock and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on October 5, 2020, an employee was making a delivery when he went to open the trailer door. He had his left foot on the ICC bumper, his right foot on the trailer frame, left hand on the door latch and the right hand on the doo r handle. As the employee released the door latch, his hand slipped off of the l atch and he lost his balance. The employee fell off of the trailer backwards ont o his feet stumbling backwards then onto his buttocks and then finally hitting t he back of his head on the pavement. The employee died of head trauma.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on May 24, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction c ompany, was engaged in steel erection work for a new multifamily residential str ucture.  He was connecting rebar when the rebar cage shifted, pinning him betwee n an earth wall and the rebar cage.  The employee was transported to the hospita l and admitted for treatment of abdominal bruising and internal bleeding.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:15 a.m. on April 25, 2013, Employee #1, #2, and #3 were preparing for a scheduled test of a motor controller (MC) starter system in the control building of a water supply deep well and reservoir facility. The MC was a Series 81000 motor controller manufactured by Siemens Industry Inc. that would serve a 600 hp submersible pump, operating on 3-phase, 4,160 volt electric power. The pump was to be installed in the well at the site. Employee #1 was a senior engineer working for the Siemens. He was the primary designer of the Series 81000 and had 20 years of experience with similar equipment. Employee #2 was a design engineer for Phasetronics LLC, which manufactured a motor starter that was incorporated in the Siemens motor controller starter system. Employee #3 was the sole proprietor of Scada & Control Systems LLC, which had purchased and provided the electronic and control systems equipment for the deep well and reservoir facility. Employee #1 and #2 arrived at the facility with Employee #3 earlier in the week to troubleshoot and repair the MC starter system, which had failed during initial testing in August 2012. The MC system was in a metal cabinet in one of two banks of cabinets that faced each other 6.58 ft apart inside the control building. The door of the MC cabinet was approximately 90 in. high and 36 in. wide. The interior of the cabinet was divided into three physically separate compartments from top to bottom with the 120 volt MC system control panel in the middle compartment. The bottom compartment contained various wiring, leads for the three phases of the pump motor and a movable carriage that held contactors, fuses and other circuit parts for the pump motor and the MC control panel. The carriage was 18 in. wide. It fit on a track on the right side of the bottom compartment and occupied slightly over half of the compartment's 35 in. interior width. It was racked (moved forward or back) by a lever next to the cabinet door on the lower right side. At its rearmost position, the contactors engaged the main busbar and energized the system at 4,160 volts. This was stepped down to 120 volts for the control panel. An interlock inside the cabinet was designed to accept a tab on the cabinet door so that the lever could not be moved to rack the contactors if the door were open. With the carriage removed from the cabinet and the system de-energized, Employee #1 installed a monitoring instrument behind the control panel and attached a cable from it to one of the motor leads at the left rear of the bottom section. He and Employee #3 then placed the contactor carriage back on its track. Employee #1 knelt on the concrete floor in front of the open cabinet and used a screwdriver to defeat the interlock. He told Employee #3 to slowly raise the lever to rack the contactor (which would engage the busbar) while he watched to see that the carriage did not pinch the instrument cable. Employee #2 stood a few feet away by the opposite bank of cabinets preparing a laptop computer to monitor the system test. None of them was wearing any form of electrical protective equipment, such as insulated gloves or gauntlets, face shield, or flame resistant clothing. After the contactor was racked, which energized the exposed parts on the carriage at 4,160 volts, Employee #1 said the cable "looked okay." As Employee #2 and #3 turned away, Employee #1 reached with his left arm into the cabinet and his forearm contacted one of the energized parts on the carriage. Employee #3 saw Employee #1's body shaking and tried to pull him away from the cabinet while he threw the lever to rack out the contactor. In the process, he received an electric shock. Employee #2 was also shocked when his left arm touched the open cabinet door as he also tried to pull Employee #1 away. Employee #2 threw the main breaker for the building, which was roughly 12 ft to the left of the MC cabinet. He and Employee #3 pulled Employee #1 out of the cabinet and onto hi
fall_fatal	At approximately 4:25 p.m. on March 16, 2016, an employee was throwing debris in to a dumpster. The employee fell about 27 feet to the pavement below. The employ ee sustained broken bones and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:20 a.m. on January 10, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker were removing a Lo cust tree from a golf course near hole number 16. They were working in a SkyJack to cut the tree into small sections. Employee #1 started to cut a branch and st opped partially through the branch, allowing the coworker to finish cutting thro ugh the branch. As the coworker neared completion of the cut, the branch split a nd fell on the SkyJack. The Skyjack began to fall over, ejecting Employee #1. Th e coworker was able to hold on and was not injured. Employee #1 sustained a brui se on his left arm and under the knee on his right leg. He also stated that his tailbone and the back of his head was sore. The employee was hospitalized for hi s injuries.
fall_fatal	On November 6, 2014, an employee and a coworker were engaged in low-slope thermo plastic polyolefin (TPO) roofing work, part of a roof renovation project that ha d been ongoing for several weeks.  Around 12:40 p.m., after returning from a sho rt lunch, the employee was climbing a Werner 32-ft aluminum extension ladder to access the upper working surface, roof top, approximately 22-feet above the lowe r concrete and earth surface.  During the ladder to roof transfer, the employee fell approximately 22-feet, striking head on a 6-ft by 6-ft concrete slab locate d near the base of the extension ladder.  Emergency responders arrived at 12:47 p.m., finding the employee face down on the concrete to the right of the extensi on ladder, suffering from severe head trauma.  Following extensive onsite medica l treatment, the employee was flown to a regional hospital, where he was pronoun ced dead at 2:47 p.m. by hospital officials.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 12, 2022, an employee was emptying salt from the bed of his dump truck for storage in a container for later use. The employee stated tha t he had to close the tailgate of the dump truck to gain open access to the auge r/spreader. Once the salt is cleared from the auger/spreader, he is able to comp letely close the auger/spreader allowing the tailgate to swing freely. The emplo yee is able to then unhook the tail gate chains and dump the load over top of th e auger/spreader and onto the ground for transfer into the container. The employ ee reported that the auger and spinner had to be engaged during this process to grind up salt clumps and remove all the salt from the spreader. The employee wor ks alone during this process and therefore there were no witnesses to the incide nt. The employee does not remember exactly what occured; however, he recalled he was wearing rubber gloves because the salt irritates his hands. He stated, "I d on't remember, but somehow the auger grabbed my glove and pulled my arm in. Ther e was a clump of salt and I was either trying to pound out the clump or pull it out but I can't remember why my hand was there." The employee's right arm was pu lled into the auger and amputated just below the elbow. The employee also broke four ribs and incurred bruising on his right-side chest area and was hospitalize d.
electrocution_fatal	On March 25, 2009, Employee #1 was an electronic technician working at an Army research laboratory. He was killed when he disconnected equipment between tests on a research project, and was electrocuted by an unexpected release of electrical energy.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on August 14, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing rehabilitati on work on a residence's carport.  As he prepared to throw shingles from the roo f into a trailer, the carport collapsed.  The employee jumped 8 feet to the grou nd.  He was treated for a sprain/strain that did not require hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 12:10 p.m. on June 5, 2020, an employee was walking in a gutter on the roof o f a stadium. At some point, the employee fell one hundred and ten feet through a skylight. The employee was killed by unspecified injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 4:15 p.m. on January 30, 2019, Employee #1 was framing a struct ure when he fell approximately 13 feet to the ground below. Employee #1 suffered a fractured elbow, ankle, and ribs, and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:50 p.m. on February 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in demolition work at a multiemployer project, a one-story comme rcial building.  He was standing on a baker scaffold and unscrewing track studs from the ceiling when the scaffold's unlocked wheels rolled.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 5 feet.  He struck his head on the concrete surface and lost co nsciousness.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a concussion and a dislocated sh oulder.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 p.m. on January 29, 2018, Employee #1 was moving a steel block with a ma gnet attached to a crane. The employee placed his fingers under the load. The lo ad fell and pinched his fingers, causing a  fingertip amputation.
struck_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on April 7, 2015, Employee #1 was directing tractor trailers. While guiding a truck driver, one of the trailers tires caught Employ ee #1s foot. Employee #1 was pulled under the trailer and ran over, sustaining crushing injuries that killed him.
struck_fatal	At 2:40 p.m. on August 15, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roadw ork construction company, were installing drain pipes in a trench adjacent to a future road, a multiemployer construction project.  A light rain was falling.  A s Employee #1 moved along the trench, he was struck by lightning.  Employee #1 w as killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:20 p.m. on August 18, 2018, an employee was performing maintenance on Pall etizer #7 and missed a step in the lockout/tagout procedures, lowering the "head " or "platen" down to the floor prior to releasing the stored energy.  The emplo yee pinched his left hand's index finger in the chain and sprocket when the plat en fell to the floor.  The employee sustained an avulsion to his finger.  Hospit alization was not required.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:49 p.m. on April 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was operating a dredge auger at a job site.  As he cleaned the auger in an atte mpt to clear it of rocks, his right foot became caught in the drill.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was h ospitalized and treated for foot lacerations.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on May 10, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services co mpany, was working on the roof of a one-story residence.  He was scouting for ap propriate locations to install solar panel conduit.  Employee #1, who was not us ing fall protection, fell from the roof, a fall height of approximately 16.7 fee t.  He required treatment for a fractured right finger and lacerations to his he ad and left finger.  Employee #1 was not hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 14, 2016, Employee #1 who was a foreman with Grabers Ex cavating, Inc., and employee #2 who was a laborer, were cutting and chipping an approximately 5,000 pound slab of concrete on the top of the Preliminary Treatme nt Structure (name of the building).  This is a pre-treatment building where scr eening and grit removal from the wastewater influent occurs. The slab that colla psed covers the cone shaped structure where sand and grit is allowed to settle a nd collect. The demolition occurs so that the process will be decommissioned and replaced by a different grit removal process. Employee #1 was cutting from unde r the concrete slab with a concrete saw that measured 2 feet on the walls attach ment and 10 inches in the center, while Employee #2 was chipping with a chipper on top of the slab while positioned off to the sides of the slab.  All of a sudd en employee #2 heard a crack and he fell in on top of the concrete slab that he was partially standing on, the slab collapsed on Employee #1 who was cutting wit h the concrete saw underneath the slab, he was crushed by the slab. Employee #1 was completely covered by the concrete slab that collapsed and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 26, 2016, an employee climbing an extension ladder to frame around a wood stove "B" vent on a roof, fell from the top of the 23-foot l adder to the ground.  He sustained head trauma and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on March 16, 2018, an employee was hoisting a generator to the roof and fell three stories.  The employee was transported by the local fire departm ent to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital and died later that same day from the injur ies sustained from the fall.
struck_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on June 17, 2014, a two man team of climbers was removing existing rigid waveguide and access platforms.  The employee was moving from one side of the tower to the other and fell when he attempted to tie off. The employee faile d to secure his lanyard and fell 140 feet. The employee fractured his head and w as killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 21, 2021, an employee took a piece of foam off a stac k while stepping backwards. The employee stepped off the roof, fell approximatel y fourteen feet, and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 28, 2017, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a constru ction company, was at the start of his lunch break at a bridge construction proj ect.  He had been working from an MEC Titan 40-S extensible boom lift with guard rails removed.  Employee #1 lowered the boom lift and detached his fall protecti on safety line from the anchorage point on the lift.  As he stepped toward the l adder platform to descend to the ground, he fell, a fall height of approximately 6 feet 2 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transport ed to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured hip.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 7:52 a.m. on May 16, 2010 Employee #1 and Employee #2, were attempting to connect a Miller DC Inverter Arc Welder to an electrical panel located in a motor control center when an explosion occurred. Employee #1 was reading into the panel with a quarter inch Allen Key when the explosion occurred and sustained third degree burns to thirty percent his body. Employee #2 was standing directly behind Employee #1 and sustained first degree burns to his face, right arm, and right leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on April 26, 2012, Employee #1 was attempting to stop a water leak on an aged incoming 1 in. galvanized water service pipeline. He ha d installed a gas service utility within the   crawl space area of a single-fami ly home, when he damaged the incoming water service line. The gas service was in stalled alongside the aged water service line. Employee #1 noticed the water ser vice had started to leak. He tried to stop the leak by grasping his hand around the pipe. However, this worsened the water leak and caused the separation of the pipe. The water service had separated at the meter near the dirt floor level. W hile trying to fix the separated pipe, Employee #1 received an electric shock fr om house supply current or the induced ground potential triggered by the water s aturation to electrical equipment and the surrounding work zone. Employee #1 cal led for help. He was unable to free himself and let go of the galvanized water s ervice pipeline. The homeowner alerted outside workers that Employee #1 was unde r the house and calling for help. The foreman turned off the electric power to t he house by pulling the house meter. The foreman then crawled into the crawl spa ce and pulled Employee #1 from the adjacent lower basement concrete floor. Emplo yee #1 was found without a pulse and was unconscious. The foreman administers ca rdiopulmonary resuscitation and revived him. Emergency medical personnel were ca lled and they arrived within minutes. Employee #1 was transported to a medical c enter, where he received medical attention and was then later released from the hospital.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on June 19, 2018, an employee was painting the side of a building w hile standing on a sixteen foot, fiberglass extension ladder. As he was working, the ladder slid away from the building and he fell twelve feet. The employee fr actured three ribs and his right big toe.
fall_fatal	At 6:37 p.m. on June 27, 2022, an employee had just removed a panel of roof shea thing from a rooftop when he stepped onto the underlying roof insulation and fel l through the roof. The employee was not using fall protection and fell approxim ately 18 feet. As the employee fell, he struck a cabinet,  shelving, and the con crete floor and was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 9:09 a.m., on or about October 1, 2011, Employee #1 was working for his employer, Miguel Martinez Construction, Inc., a residential construction company. Employee #1 was engaged in activities related to installing a roof and/or setting up roof trusses. He was at an approximate height of 27 feet to 39 feet, at a pitch/slope of approximately 10/12 to 12/12. According to information received from other employees, Employee #1's shoelace was caught on a nail, and it caused him to trip and fall from the roof. Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 2, 2015, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were engaged in drywall finishing work in an elevator shaft of a build ing.  They were on the second floor level.  The flooring that covered the elevat or shaft gave way and collapsed, and the two employees fell to the first floor o f the elevator shaft, an estimated fall height of 12 to 15 feet.  Emergency serv ices were called, and both employees were transported to the hospital and admitt ed.  Employee #1 was treated for a right ankle fracture and fall trauma.  Employ ee #2 was treated for head injuries and lacerations.  During the subsequent inve stigation, it was determined that the floor that gave way had been installed and used for approximately 5 to 6 months prior to its failure.
struck_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 9, 2021, an employee was walking to the rear of his tr uck. A a coworker was driving a yard truck between the employee's truck trailer and the loading dock. The coworker's truck struck the employee, who suffered mul tiple injuries to the torso and was killed. See Investigation summary ID #133172 .
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 p.m. on June 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services co mpany, was engaged in electrical work as part of a multiemployer project at a co mmercial job site.  He had just changed two medium voltage fuses, 601 VAC to 13, 200 VAC, in a deenergized transformer/fuse drawer.  An arc flash and explosion o ccurred in the main power drawer, 13,200 VAC, 1200 amps.  Employee #1, who was s tanding next to the main power drawer on the fourth rung of a stepladder, was en gulfed in flames.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transport ed to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for second and third degree bur ns to his arms.  The investigation determined that the main power drawer also wa s deenergized.  However, a 13.2 kilovolt busbar was energized.
struck_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on August 23, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete constructio n company, was working on a road repaving project.  He stepped behind a dump tru ck that was backing up.  Employee #1 was killed when he was struck and rolled ov er by the truck's rear passenger-side wheels.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:15 a.m., on August 6, 2012 Employee #1, a sub-contractor employee, arrived to repair the power line that was going to the irrigation system. Employee #1 had been sent to the seed company since he had worked there before and was most familiar with the site. Employee #1 along with another employee from the Seed Company removed the water that was in the hole since it had rained the night before. Once the water had been removed, Employee #1 had the Seed Company employee remove their lock and he applied his lock. Employee #1 then went back to the hole and verified no power was on the line. Employee #1 then proceeded to cut the lines and roll them back out of the hole and verified the wires coming from the well head. Then he verified the wire coming from "the disconnect." Employee #1 wanted to verify voltage on all three phases so he removed his lock and turned "the disconnect" back on and verified that he had all three phases and 480 volts was present across all three phases. He then went back to the disconnect and removed the fuses from the B & C phases, turned the disconnect back on, and went back to the hole to verify the A phase. Employee #1 does not remember anything that happened after that.
struck_fatal	At 10:40 p.m. on February 15, 2020, an employee was waiting for a load of meat f rom Tyson Fresh Meat facility and was walking toward the security gate.  The emp loyee was struck by a shag truck that went through a stop sign and died from hea d injuries in the hospital on March 1, 2020.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 10, 2022, an employee was hooking a pump up to the milk house when he noticed the belt motor was not running. The employee repositioned the belt and turned the pump motor on while his gloved hand was still next to th e belt. When the belt rotated, it caught the employees left index finger. The em ployee suffered a partial amputation of his left index finger down to the first knuckle and was treated without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:03 a.m. on June 22, 2013, Employee #1, with Adame Landscape, Inc., was operating a portable grout mixer in a five gallon plastic bucket. As he was operating the mixer, Employee #1 noticed the handle of the bucket, which he had made by using metal wire, was in the way. As he tried to push the wire away from the shaft of the mixer with his left hand, his index and middle finger got tangled in the wire and shaft, which caused a deep laceration on his index finger and a small laceration on his left middle finger. Employee #1 was not hospitalized, but the tip of the index finger, up to first knuckle, had to be amputated at the hospital.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 20, 2021, an employee worked to paint a church sanctuary using a pole-extended paint roller and standing on a fiberglass extension ladde r positioned on a one-buck high mobile scaffold on castor wheels. At some point, while painting the wall, the employee fell approximately sixteen feet. A bystan der observed the employee on the ground struggling to breathe and called for eme rgency medical services. EMTs responded and transported the employee to the hosp ital where the employee died from multiple, unspecified blunt force trauma injur ies.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 2, 2021, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contra ctor, was engaged in demolition work at a commercial building.  He removed wirin g conduit that ran from the disconnect to the high and low voltage panels that h ad been de-energized.  Then he used a Milwaukee M12 600 Cable Cutter to cut the live wire, although he had not been instructed to do so.  The employee also did not test the cable prior to cutting it, later stating that he had left his teste r in his vehicle.  The employee received flash burns on the backs of both hands and his face.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the flash burns.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on April 27, 2021, Employee # 1 was on the floor fixing an oven tha t was plugged into an electric outlet. He reached behind the equipment and touch ed a part that was energized. He suffered an electric burn on his left arm. The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an oilfield services comp any, was working at a job site.  He was operating a pressure blaster to blast th e outside surface of a 16-inch pipe.  A shovel was on the other side of the pipe .  Employee #1, while operating the pressure blaster, reached across the pipe to move the shovel.  His arm came within the field of the blast.  Emergency servic es were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitte d and treated for a skin abrasion injury to his arm.
electrocution_fatal	On July 6, 2009, Employee # 1 was relocating overhead lights, when he made contact with an energized wire. He received an electrical shock. Employee # 1 was transported to Moses Cone Memorial Hospital, where he later was pronounced dead.
fall_fatal	At 11:02 a.m. on October 23, 2018, an employee was laying out the rafters (measu ring and marking the locations of rafters). The employee walked off the end of t he scissor lift and fell 20 feet and incurred a skull fracture and was killed. T he scissor lift did not have guard rails on the entrance end.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on June 14, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction and maint enance company, was installing a lighting fixture in an office as part of a mult iemployer project.  He was working from the third step of a 6-foot stepladder wh en he fell and struck his head.  The employee was transported to the hospital, t reated for a hematoma to his forehead and shoulder abrasions, and admitted for o bservation.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 13, 2021, an employee, a CDL truck driver, was trying to fix the air brake system on a fellow truck driver's peanut trailer. The employe e was run over by the peanut trailer. The employee sustained severe head and tor so trauma as a result of being run over by the trailer.   The employee was kille d.
electrocution_fatal	On July 2, 2005, Employee #1, a company mechanic, was electrocuted. No additional information was provided in the abstract.
struck_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on October 6, 2021, an employee completed an inspection of a vehicl e battery and began to walk through the work area. A front-end loader, backed up , and struck the employee, who was killed by crush injuries to the whole body.
struck_fatal	At 9:07 p.m. on January 7, 2016, a worker was carrying personal items to his ass igned vehicle that was parked in a yard before starting his shift. The had to a cross two-way traffic to access the vehicle. As he was walking to the vehicle, h e was struck and killed by an industrial tow tractor (or shifter). The incident investigation revealed that the tractor driver was searching for a trailer and d id not see the worker crossing the street.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 p.m. on July 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was performing exterior work at a residential building.  He was working from a l adder and installing a second floor air conditioning unit.  Employee #1 fell fro m the ladder, a fall height of 17 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fract ures to his pelvis, left arm, and both legs.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:00 p.m. on March 16, 2017, Employee #1 was on a roof removing roof panels with no fall protection.  He backed off of the roof and fell approx imately 18 foot to a concrete surface.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:25 p.m. on August 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a two-story multifamily residential structure.  He was working f rom an aluminum extension ladder and replacing galvanized steel gutter downspout s when his hands made contact with live overhead high voltage lines.  He fell fr om the ladder, a fall height of 10 feet.  Employee #1, who sustained head injuri es and electrical burns to both hands, was killed.
struck_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on October 7, 2020, an employee was dismantling drilling casings. A t some point, a heavy-duty hose fell from an overhead winch of a drilling rig. T he employee was killed when hose stuck the employee's head and caused fatal inju ries to include fractures and lacerations.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on December 24, 2015, an employee was performing demolition work o n a wall.  The  employee was killed when a large section of the wall collapsed a nd crushed the temporary platform the employee was working.
caught_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on October 8, 2015, an employee was operating heavy equipment, spec ifically a Caterpillar scraper model 621B. While moving rock and gravel along a curbed intersection of a residential development construction site, the employee suffered crushing amputation of both legs as a result of a traffic collision wi th another Caterpillar scraper.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:55 a.m. on Thursday, May 14, 2009, Employee #1 was a member of a construction crew working for Terno Electrical Contractors. On Wednesday, May 13, the day before the accident, an electrical crew had removed a 4-inch diameter, 10-foot tall traffic light pole in preparation for the arrival of the construction crew the following day. At the same time, it had deenergized a 20-wire bundle of lines that had been energized at 120 volts and cut all the wires. Employee #1 started work on Thursday at 9:00 a.m. His construction crew was removing the traffic light pole base, which was 2 feet long by 2 feet wide by 4 inches high. After working about 20 minutes with a jackhammer to break the concrete, Employee #1 felt an electric shock in both his hands. The foreman and general foreman were called to assist. They found two wires in the bundle that were not deenergized. Employee #1 was taken to California Hospital for observation, and he was released after four hours. As a result of the accident, he suffered minor muscle pain in both hands, though there were no obvious marks or wounds on his hands.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:18 p.m. on August 29, 2013, Employee #1 and #2 were placing wooden utility pole guard structures in the ground for the construction of supports for string ing electrical lines. Employee #2 was guiding the bottom of a wooden utility pol e that was being supported by a Nesco GT 300 with a Terex Commander 6060 digger derrick utility truck.  Employee #2 lost control of the wooden utility pole caus ing the wooden utility pole to swing, with the upper portion contacting the 138, 000 volt electrical lines.  Employee #1 rushed in to assist Employee #2 as the p ole was swinging, and touched the pole as it contacted the power line and receiv ed an electrical shock, killing Employee #1. Employee #2 received an electrical shock causing burns to his hands, feet and upper body.  Both employees were tran sported to a local hospital by emergency services.  Employee #1 was pronounced d ead and Employee #2 was transported by life flight for treatment of electrical s hock, burns and ultimate amputation.
fall_nonfatal	On the afternoon of March 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a drywall company, w as working alone at a one-story residential renovation project.  He was using an 8-foot rolling scaffold, a 3-foot rolling scaffold, and a 6-foot A-frame ladder and installing joint compound on drywall joints.  Employee #1 apparently fell f rom one of these aerial devices.  He remained on the floor for approximately 18 hours before he was found.  Emergency medical services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for massive he ad trauma.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on December 22, 2021, an employee arrived at a storage unit and wa s opening the door to remove donated items to load into box truck when a loose s tring on the storage unit door got caught around his finger. The lift mechanism was faulty and door started to close automatically amputating the employee's lef t index finger above the distal interphalangeal joint.  The employee was hospita lized for treatment.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 31, 2018, an employee was installing drip edge.  The emp loyee was going to come down and unhooked himself from his lanyard. He slipped a nd fell from the roof approximately 24 feet, resulting in a trauma to the head, neck and back.  The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on March 27, 2014, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, steelworkers employed by a structural steel construction company doing business as Diversified Metalworks, were participating in the construction of a five-story steel office building. Their employer was working with the general contractor, another construction company. Employee #1 and Coworker #1 were shaking out structural steel beams using a mobile crane. To rig a bent flange structural steel beam, Employee #1 used a wire rope sling equipped with pelican hooks in conjunction with a steel erection bull pin. He placed the bull pin in a connection hole in the beam and then used the pin as an attachment point for the sling hook. Once the beam was lifted, it turned over, causing one of the legs of the sling to pinch Employee #1's small (pinky) finger between the pelican hook and the bottom flange of the steel beam. Employee #1's finger was amputated. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, treated for the amputation, and released without hospitalization. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA at 1:30 p.m. on March 27, 2014. The subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1 had been employed as a steelworker by the employer for approximately four months. At the time of the amputation, the employer's general foreman was Employee #1's director supervisor. He was on site but not in the immediate area. The amputation was witnessed by Coworker #1.
struck_fatal	At approximately 12:00 p.m. on July 28, 2014, Employee #1 was sitting in a windo w opening waiting for coworkers to come for lunch. A hoist came down and struck Employee #1 on his back right side, opening a large wound exposing internal orga ns on his back. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 24, 2015, Employee #1 was on her way to pick up a load of s alt water for an energy drilling company. She was struck by a company semi-truck that was attempting to back up. Employee #1 was killed and sustained blunt forc e injuries to her leg and torso.
fall_fatal	On June 3, 2022, an employee was replacing a light fixture when he inadvertently contacted a hazardous energy source.  The employee fell off the ladder and sust ained head trauma and internal injuries associated with the hazardous contact. The employee was hospitalized and died on June 11, 2022.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 30, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in steel e rection for a two-story commercial building.  Each of the two employees was work ing from a separate JLG Scissor Lift.  The coworker was welding joists and Emplo yee #1 was installing bridging.  The coworker's welding lead, which was tied to the top rail of his scissor lift, became lodged in Employee #1's scissor lift. Employee #1 did not realize this had happened and began to descend his lift.  Th e welding lead lodged in Employee #1 lift caused the lift to tip over, and Emplo yee #1 fell.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted for treat ment of multiple injuries, including fractures to both ankles, his tibia, and a vertebra, and lacerations to the head and arm.
electrocution_fatal	Two employees were relocating security-monitoring equipment and associated wiring at a grocery store. One of the employees was standing on a desk working on the task when he contacted a 120-volt conductor. He received an electric shock and fell from the desk, landing on the floor, still gripping the conductor. His coworker, who was nearby in an aerial lift, heard a moan. He found the injured employee unconscious on the floor. The coworker kicked away the conductor and started cardio-pulmonary resuscitation. However, the injured employee died of electrocution.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:20 p.m. on March 9, 2012, Employee #1 was oiling the chain and sprocket on a Capitani pasta cutting machine, (Model TS250, Serial Number 28030). The employee's fingers were caught in the gear of the cutting machine. Employee #1 was taken to an area hospital, where the employee was treated and amputation of right hand middle finger. Employee #1 remained hospitalize overnight.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on September 10, 2018, Employee #1 climbed up on a company's traile r to remove the chains he was using to secured the load of metal billets that we ighed 5,000 pounds. As his released the last strap, the load of 3 - 4 round meta l billets  began to roll in the  direction of employee, knocking him off the tra iler. The employee's legs were pinned against the wheel/wheel well. Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries to his legs and hand. He was hospitalized for his in juries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:25 a.m. on August 23, 2018, Employee #1 was climbing a ladder and inadvert ently fell from the ladder to the ground level, landed and struck his head.  As a result, Employee #1 sustained a closed-head-injury and was then transported to a hospital for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on January 27, 2020, an employee attempted to place cross bracing o n a scaffold during setup when the scaffold ring fell over. The scaffold ring ca ught the employee's hand and resulted in the employee receiving an amputation to the left index fingertip. The employee was taken to the hospital for treatment but was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on April 22, 2015, Employee #1, a flagger, and three utility workers from two different companies were working in construction work z one, on the southbound side. As they worked, a vehicle traveling on the northbou nd side crossed the center line and bypassed construction cones and a police veh icle and struck the workers. Employee #1 suffered broken bones and a concussion in the collision. She was transported to a medical center, where she was hospita lized for 11 days before she died.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 26, 2017, Employee #1, a foreman employed by a construct ion company, was installing sheeting to the roof of a building.  As he picked up a sheeting panel, the wind pulled Employee #1 off the roof, a fall height of ap proximately 13 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured wrist and ge neral trauma.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on February 22, 2020, an employee was installing aluminum panels on the roof of a new thirteen story building. The employee's lanyard was not corre ctly attached to an HVAC leg and at some point fell one hundred and thirty feet and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 21, 2022, an employee was driving a bulldozer, when he was ejected from the cab over a steep drop. The employee was killed and suffered a c rushed skull, brain injury, chest trauma, crushed pelvis, amputated leg, and dis located limbs.
struck_fatal	Atapproximately 10:45 a.m. on December 6, 2014, Employee #1 climbed up a power p ole and came in contact with power lines and was electrocuted
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on April 21, 2014, Employee #1 was painting the exte rior wall of a structure located next to and above a skylights on a ceiling in t he atrium area on the 4th floor. The ceiling was made of six, 4 foot by 4 foot s kylights.  He was using a Genie, articulating, 60-64 foot boom aerial lift.  He was using a full body harness and a lanyard attached to the anchor point located inside the aerial lift basket.  He aligned the aerial basket above the ceiling and disconnected his lanyard from his full body harness.  He exited the aerial l ift basket and fell 11.25 feet through one of the skylights, striking his head o n the concrete floor.  Employee #1 sustained a traumatic head injury and died a few days later at the hospital.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 noon on January 13, 2020, an employee was utilizing a crane to move a s teel coil. The employee was holding on to the sling as it fed out of the coil to prevent it from pulling the coil over when the sling twisted and pulled his han d against the coil. The employee suffered amputations of his left middle and rin g fingertips above the last joint of the finger and was treated without hospital ization.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 24, 2016 and employee was climbing a ladder.  For unknow n reasons, the employee lost his balance and fell.  The employee landed on the s idewalk, received blunt force head trauma and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 8, 2015, the employee was installing rubber roofing mate rial. During this process, the employee was no longer on the roof. The other cow orkers all state that they thought he went for a break. Security camera footage shows that the employee was on the ground, alive and appeared to be crawling tow ards a door.  It appears that the employee fell approximately 40 feet from the r oof to the ground below.  The employee was killed as a result of head injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 19, 2018, Employees #1, #2, and #3, and three coworkers, employed by construction companies, were engaged in steel erection at a multiemp loyer construction project, a five-story commercial building.  The employees wer e in the process of building a multi-level scaffold when a metal piece made cont act with an energized power line.  All six employees received electrical shocks. Employees #1, #2, and #3 required hospitalization and treatment for internal i njuries and burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on April 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was walking at a job site.  He was carrying a SAWZALL portable electric saw.  The saw's blade made contact with and cut into Employee #1's shoulder.  Em ergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for a laceration to his shoulder.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s on the roof of a one-story residential structure and demolishing the last of t he roof sheathing.  He was standing on a roof rafter when the rafter collapsed. The employee fell and impacted the hard surface.  Emergency services transporte d the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fracture d right thighbone (femur).
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on January 17, 2017, an employee was located in a firewater storage tank and standing on an extension ladder to take a measurement. As he reached t o measure the particular area of the tank, the ladder slipped. The employee fell 17 feet to the bottom of the tank, sustaining a  fractured left leg. The employ ee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury. The incident investig ation reported that the ladder was not properly secured on the slippery surface of the tank, causing the ladder to slip.
caught_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on April 3, 2016, Employee #1 was working for a baking company. Min utes earlier, he and a truck driver had been having a conversation. They were ta lking about moving a trailer, because Employee #1 could not open the door of tra iler number 183 to complete his shift trailer checks. The driver stated that he was going to move the trailer from the side yard into a slot in the top yard. A slot was a parking spot for trailers; it was lined with yellow paint. The driver saw Employee #1 as he was walking toward the top yard from the side yard. The i ncident occurred in the top yard. Employee #1 was conducting yard trailer checks . Shift trailer checks were made to establish a trailers existence and the cont ents of the trailer, if any. Employee #1 was found unresponsive under a trailer perpendicular to the trailer being parked in slot number 38. Employee #1 was app arently pinned between two tractor trailers. It is thought he had been pinned be tween one stationary 16.2meter (53-foot) trailer and a trailer being backed int o a spot by a tractor truck. Four police officers, their sergeant and lieutenant , a crime scene unit, and a homicide detective responded, as did the fire depart ments Medic 20 unit. Employee #1 had sustained abrasions and contusions of the head, back and extremities. He also sustained subscalp hemorrhages; an Atlanto-o ccipital fracture or dislocation with cervical spinal cord contusion; fractures of the ribs, sternum, right radius and ulna; a fracture or dislocation of the sp ine at L1 and/or L2; contusions and lacerations of the lungs, liver, spleen, rig ht adrenal gland, right renal artery and vein and spinal cord; and hemothoraces (right 500 mL, left 600mL) and hemoperitoneum. The incident was originally repor ted as a non-accidental death that occurred on the employers property. The empl oyer was notified by Employee #1's family in a meeting on April 6 or 7, 2016, w ith the plant manager, who has since left for reported personal reasons.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 20, 2016, an employee working on the second floor of a hous e was installing a beam  while standing on a baker's scaffold with a work surfac e consisting of one piece of metal decking.  The work surface was wet due to rai n. The beam shifted and the employee tried to catch it, which caused him to slip and fall through a doorway from the second floor to the ground below, striking his head. The employee broke his neck and was killed.
caught_fatal	On May 25, 2009 at about 8:13 AM, a worker who was refueling a gas station. He was found between a building and the gas truck. He died of blunt force trauma to the head and torso area.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 4, 2019, an employee was working by himself and using an el ectrical knife to clean and strip lines in a breaker box. The employee was kille d when he accidentally came in contact with an energized part and was electrocut ed. Normally these energized parts would have an arc flash shield in front of th em but when the employee was found the shield had been removed. A horizontal cut mark was found on the outer sheath of the electrical box where the employer bel ieved the employee had been cutting. The cutting motion would have put the emplo yee's arm directly in front of the where the energized parts were. There were no signs of electrical gloves. Despite the breaker being locked in the off positio n, the entire unit was not deenergized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on July 30, 2018, an employee was operating a cutting torch when he reached into a metal box. As he leaned in, the weld on the box top failed and t he lid dropped down and struck the employee, who was caught between the lid and box. The employee received unspecified injuries to his head and back and was hos pitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 4, 2022, an employee, working as a temporary mechanic laborer, was investigating a noise coming from a bus engine.   While investigati ng, the employee's hand was caught by the moving engine belt.  The employee was hospitalized to treat a partial amputation of two fingers.
fall_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on January 15, 2014, a 59-year old male lead equipment operator was working alone preparing to shut down a wood grinding machine. In order to accom plish this task, the employee had to disengage the clutch handle of a diesel eng ine while standing on an elevated platform. It is believed that, in order to hav e greater leverage, the employee was positioned between the clutch handle and th e inclined conveyor belt. At this time the employee fell backwards onto an ungua rded section of a moving conveyor.  The conveyor was part of a belt system used to carry discharged wood chips from a wood grinder. As the employee fell, a cont rol valve was activated causing the direction of the conveyor belt to reverse to wards the hopper wall of the grinder, which was approximately seven feet below t he elevated platform. The employee was pinned between the belt and metal chute f rame wall of the grinder's discharge area.  Emergency personnel were summoned; h owever, the employee was dead when emergency services arrived and body recovery efforts were performed. The employee sustained fatal injuries to his neck and to rso. There were no witnesses to the fatal event.
fall_fatal	At approximately 8:15 p.m. on September 15, 2014, Employees #1 and #2 were worki ng on the roof, putting tarpauling. Both employees slipped off the roof. Employe e #1 suffered fractures and head trauma and was killed. The nature and the exten t of Employee #2 were not mentioned in the narrative provide. However, Employee #2 was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 26, 2015, an employee parked a truck to load it.  A cow orker operating a front end loader saw the employee walking between mixers to th e employee's truck and enter it.  At 10:30 a.m., the employee was found within p ile of hay in area where the front end loader had been operating.  Employee was buried approximately four feet from top (approximately central height) and was u nresponsive.  Employee died from asphyxiation, but also had fractures to right t ibia and fibula from a potential run over incident with the front end loader.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 7, 2018, an employee was tightening several bolts on a compressor shaft seal and caught his jacket and arm in the cooling fan and shaf ting.  The employee fractured his arm when it began rotating around the shaft an d later amputated it.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on August 24, 2017, Employee #1, a foreman, and Employee #2, an app rentice power line worker, both employed by a construction company, were working at the site of a newly installed 345 kilovolt transmission tower.  They were re moving protective ground conductors from de-energized transmission lines.  Emplo yee #1 operated an Altec crane truck, model AC40-1525, equipped with a personnel basket.  Employee #2 was working from the crane's basket and using an 8-foot 6- inch fixed length shotgun stick (also known as a hot stick) to remove the ground s.  The de-energized transmission lines ran parallel to other transmission lines that were energized at 138 kilovolts.  Employee #2 received an electrical shock from induced voltage, lost consciousness, and fell across the basket's handrail s.  Employee #1 lowered the crane boom and basket, called for emergency services , and administered CPR.  Emergency services transported Employee #2 to the hospi tal, where he was admitted and treated for electrical burns to his right hand an d abdomen.  During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that the cran e's basket was not insulated, and the crane truck was grounded to the same sourc e as the transmission tower.  In addition, Employee #2 was not wearing electrica l protective equipment.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 a.m. on June 29, 2015, an employee was walking to check in at the freigh t dock, 70 feet away, when he was struck by a yard tractor. A yard tractor opera tor was passing through the area at the same time, striking the employee and the n backed over the employee while attempting to position at dock 58.  The employe e sustained a broken right hip/leg and cut forehead, resulting in his death on J uly 24, 2015.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on January 15, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a utility company, w as replacing a utility pole.  An insulator on the pole failed, resulting in an e lectric arc.  The electric current travelled through Employee #1, who was electr ocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 31, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in ground-level steel erection work at a job site.  Employee #1 w as handling steel braces when a steel pipe/frame came loose  from a tent, fell, and struck the employee.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a lower back fracture and a head injury.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on September 22, 2014, an employee was in the proces s of running electrical lines from a light switch to a junction box. While attac hing the electrical lines from the light switch to the junction box, the employe e came into contact with an exposed live electrical line and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 was removing and lifting trusses from a pile with the use of a crane. The crane line touched an overhead power line. Employee #1 made contact and was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on April 29, 2014, a truck driver arrived at a warehouse with a ful l trailer. The employee then was to drive an empty trailer back to the originati ng location. The employee was instructed to sweep up the trailer, which was loca ted on the south east side at dock #45, remove items or equipment inside the tra iler, and place them inside the perishable side of the warehouse. The employee o pened the warehouse rolling door of dock # 45 and stepped into the pit to open t he trailer door. The dock leveler, also called the ramp, was a Kelly model HV6 15. This style of ramp is stored in a vertical position unlike traditional ramps stored in a horizontal position. The victim stepped out of the pit to lower the ramp onto the trailer by pulling a chain. Once the chain is pulled the hydrauli cs are activated and released and lower the ramp onto the trailer. The ramp did not lower due to the support leg holding it in the vertical position. The employ ee stepped inside the pit which was approximately 6 ft by 8 ft by 10 ft and rais ed the support leg. The ramp lowered onto the employee's chest. The employee wa s found unresponsive by a coworker approximately one hour later. The employee su stained compressional asphyxia and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 6:30 a.m., on May 25, 2011, an employee was operating a Crown, RC Number 651 stand up type fork lift (Model NumberRC3020-35, Serial Number1A241628) in the warehousing facility. He was traveling in a westerly main aisle way and looking at the paper work to pick up orders from FedEx area. He was driving in reverse direction and noticed that the fork lift came too close to vertical metal support column Number G3 (dimensions, 9.5-in. by 9.5-in.) and stuck his left leg outside the lift cab. At that time, the fork lift impacted the column pinning his left lower leg between it and the frame of the fork lift causing serious injury. He sustained serious left leg foot degloving injuries. The employee was taken to the Arrowhead Regional Medical Center, Colton, CA for treatment. The employees left leg was amputated below knee and he was hospitalized for more than eight days.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 19, 2005, Employee #1 was operating a pop saw, Model SL-800, Serial Number 200205 when debris became lodged within the saw. He reached into the saw to extract the debris as the blade was spinning. As he did so, his fingers were lacerated. He was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 15, 2019, an employee worked to grade a trench floor w ith dirt and gravel. At some point, the operator of an excavator (John Deere 350 D) moved to place the boom over the trench box the employee stood in while in th e trench. For an unspecified reason, the excavator bucket detached, fell and str uck the employee. The employee was hospitalized to treat a leg fracture.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 27, 2017, Employee #1, a dump truck driver, was attem pting to dump a load of scrap metal. Another truck was also dumping a load, but while the load was elevated, that driver moved the trailer forward to release th e load. The elevated load moved erratically and the trailer tipped over onto the employee's cab, crushing and killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 11, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a cons truction company, were working on a highway maintenance/repair project.  The cow orker operating a 12-foot high rough terrain crane to lift a jersey barrier onto a flatbed truck, while Employee #1 was grasping the jersey barrier clamp, which was connected to the crane boom's whip line, and guiding the jersey barrier. Th e distance from the ground up to the lowest electrical conductor was approximate ly 20 feet, leaving a clearance of 8 feet between the crane and the conductor. A s Employee #1 held onto the metal clamp, he sustained an electrical shock. Emerg ency services were called and, upon arrival, Employee #1 was transported to the hospital where he was admitted and received treatment for electrical shock.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:20 p.m. on December 7, 2018, an employee was hooking a wench cable to the c hain that was connected to a boom lift when a coworker pressed the wrong button and caused the dovetail to angle downward, striking the employee.  The employee sustained an open skull fracture and was hospitalized
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:38 p.m. on July 23, 2002, Employee #1 and his coworker were working on the neon light of an electric sign. Both employees were working in an attic behind the sign. An extension ladder was used for access to the attic through an opening in the ceiling. Just before the accident, Employee #1 replaced a bad transformer, a gas tube transformer, 15030-og-120 V, with a new transformer, neon transformer, primary 120 volts and secondary-15000 volts. The power to the entire sign system was turned off at the main switch. After replacing the transformer, Employee #1 checked the proper function of the new transformer, so he used jumpers (3-wire attachment plug with three alligator clips) to power the transformer by using an extension cord connected to an electrical receptacle inside the store. After connecting the jumper cables to the extension cord, Employee #1 asked his coworker to go and check to see if the sign lights were working. Employee #1's coworker went outside and came back in to inform him that the lights were not working. The coworker saw the light on the sign flicker twice and he heard Employee #1 yell several times. The coworker ran into the work area, where he saw the Employee #1 sitting on the floor holding the jumper cables in his left hand and his legs over a flexible conduit. The coworker stated that the victim was breathing very hard and could not talk. The coworker disconnected the jumper cables from the extension cord and Employee #1 fell to the floor. The coworker informed the owner, who called emergency personnel. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 9, 2008, the employer's maintenance manager hired Employee #1 through a verbal agreement to pay cash for labor assistance in hanging signs at the new apartment complex. Employee #1 had availed himself for hire as a day-laborer outside of the local Home Depot establishment. On that date, the employer's maintenance manager transported the worker from Home Depot to the apartment complex to assist them in hanging signs on the exterior side of the new apartments. Employee #1 stated that he was hired to assist the maintenance manager hang three signs near the roofline of the new two-story apartment building. The signs were large advertising banners and would be held in place with screws drilled into the exterior stucco. The maintenance manager provided a two-section extension ladder, but it was too short to reach the desired location. Thus, the maintenance manager erected one bay of scaffolding and planked one working level at the top. The feet of the ladder were then placed on that working level and the maintenance manager then ascended and descended the ladder while Employee #1 held the base of the ladder to prevent it from slipping. Employee #1 stated that the maintenance manager was not comfortable with the height, which was approximately 18-feet, thus they reversed roles. Employee #1 then ascended and descended the ladder to secure the banner while the maintenance manager held the ladder at the base. Employee #1 was using a cordless power drill to secure the screws into the stucco. As they were completing the installation, they realized that they were short one screw. The maintenance manager then left Employee #1 on the ladder and went to the maintenance storage area to get a screw. When the maintenance manager returned, they climbed onto the scaffold and reportedly the ladder slipped and fell backwards with Employee #1 still on it. Employee #1 fell to the ground and suffered a broken wrist, several fractured ribs and fractured eye socket. Employee #1 was hospitalized for three days for surgery on his wrist. The employer did not report the accident, as required.
caught_nonfatal	On March 1, 2019, an employee and a coworker were assembling a tent shade struct ure for a shop on site. The employee and coworker were working from the platform of a genie lift approximately 15 feet in the air attaching a hollow 6 to 8 foot long steel tube to the tent frame. The employee was holding one end of the tube while the coworker was holding the other. The employee was installing the nut a nd bolt at the end of the tube when the coworker lost his grip. The tube swung d ownwards, pinching and crushing employee's right thumb against the genie lift ra il. The employee amputated his right thumb and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 8:10 a.m. on October 4, 2017, an employee was working from a scissor lift and was applying plaster mud/ tapng of the newly dry-walled electrical room when he fell approximately 11 feet on the concrete floor sustaining serious head trauma and back injuries.  The employee was taken to Riverside Community Hospital for treatment and died 10 days later.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on April 26, 2017, an employee was standing at the edge of the roof were it is believed he was providing hand signals to the Sky Trak telescopic fo rklift operator below, that was lifting a pallet of roofing rolls onto the roof. As the employee was standing at the edge of the roof he lost his balance and fe ll roughly 23.7 feet to the ground below. The employee was killed in the fall.
caught_nonfatal	EAT 11:00 p.m. on December 28, 2018, an employee was standing next to a Line 1 m achine while waiting for instructions and caught his right hand in the fiber bei ng processed.  The employee amputated his middle finger and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on November 20, 2019, Employee #1 and a Employee #2 were setting a wood pole in a distribution line. It is believed that a gust of wind caught or d rifted the pole and caused the pole to hit the electrical transmission lines. Th e employees were holding the pole with their hands. Employee #1 was electrocuted when the pole touched the high voltage line and Employee #2 was also injured an d taken to the hospital.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on May 14, 2015, an employee was exiting a stand-up forklift when his right foot was struck when the forklift rolled backwards.  The employee brok e several toes on their right foot.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 13, 2021, an employee walked down a hallway to a stairw ell. At some point, the employee fell approximately ten feet through the unguard ed landing and was killed by blunt force trauma to the head.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on April 2, 2021, an employee was repairing an airline on a coworke r's semi truck when he he instructed the coworker to raise the fifth wheel. The coworker got in the cab, revved up the engine, and noticed too late that the tru ck moved forward enough to hit the other employee who was walking between her tr uck and his truck's nose. The employee was caught between the two trucks and kil led.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June, 13, 2018, an employee was working in the yard of an inter modal transportation terminal facility. The employee was operating a spotter tra ctor moving container chasses which required repair. The employee was outside of the spotter tractor and was struck by the rear tandem wheels of the tractor the employee was operating. The employee was transported to a local hospital where they died from sustained injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 3, 2017, an employee was installing 40 foot section of galvanized pipe into a well pump.  The 40 foot section of galvanized pipe fell o nto an overhead power line while the employee was holding the pipe.  The employe e was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on October 12, 2016, an employee was plugging the electrical cord i nto the genset to get the generator started. As  he was standing on the back of the truck, the employee fell and hit his head on the asphalt. The employee was k illed in the fall.
fall_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on June 10, 2015, Employee #1 was on a metal porch r oof when he fell 9.2 feet.  He struck the concrete floor with his head ad died.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on July 30, 2019, an employee was preparing his flatbed trailer for the loading of large granite boulders. The employee accidentally slipped off th e edge of the flatbed trailer while walking on the driver side.  He fell approxi mately 4 feet to the ground. The employee was hospitalized to treat a broken lef t ankle and bruised right elbow.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 27, 2009, Employee #1, a direct hire, was working for his employer, an architectural millworks company that specialized in creating custom interior wooden structures and architectural features from wood, stone and artificial materials, for restaurants. Employee #1, the stone shop foreman, was cutting a new type of compressed paper and resin material for a particular customer job. He was using a Delta Unisaw table saw (Serial Number 94E93521), with the guard removed, to make a series of intricate cuts. Employee #1 then started making straight cuts, while using a push stick but with the guard removed. After one pass, the material slipped slightly, causing the push stick to slip and Employee #1's fingertips to contact the blade. The tips of Employee #1's right hand "long, ring" and small fingers were amputated.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 p.m. on June 4, 2019, an employee was operating a yard dog moving traile rs in a yard. The employee did not set the brakes and got out of the vehicle to see why dock locks were not attaching when the truck moved backward pinning the employee between the trailer and the dock. The employee crushed his pelvis and w as hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 a.m. on September 25, 2017, Employee #1 and two coworkers were loading old doors and frames into the back of a pickup truck. They were usi ng a truck to transport the doors, frames and to place old material into a dumps ter around the corner of a building. The two coworkers got into the truck and dr ove around the corner. One of the coworkers looked into the rearview mirror and saw Employee #1 lying on the ground. Employee #1 had gotten into the bed of the truck and was riding there when he apparently fell out of the truck, striking hi s head and fracturing his skull on the asphalt. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he succumbed to his injuries and died.
caught_fatal	At 11:13 a.m. on May 15, 2019, an employee was standing between the tag axle of the truck when it rolled forward crushing the driver, killing him.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:05 a.m. on November 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a fire protection s ystems company, was working on the second floor of a new school building being c onstructed.  He was standing on a 12-foot stepladder and repairing leaks on an o verhead fire protection line measuring 4 inches in diameter and purposely pressu rized at 50 psi to test for leaks.  As Employee #1 tightened a pipe coupling, th e coupling bolt failed.  Pressurized water burst from the pipe, struck Employee #1, and caused him to fall off the ladder.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple rib fractures.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on March 13, 2019, an employee was kneeling down on one knee cuttin g a metal roof panel to fit around a chimney at the edge of the structure.  The employee went to stand up and lost his footing, falling approximately thirty (30 ) feet, striking a stack of finished lumber, then rolling approximately forty fe et down an embankment.  The employee was killed from blunt force trauma due to i mpact with the ground.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 6, 2018, an employee was working on a light fixture wh ile standing on a ladder. At some point the employee fell from the ladder and re ceived fractures to his skull, elbow, and wrist. The employee was hospitalized f or an unspecified amount of time for treatment.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on July 14, 2016, a 53-year-old male employee was wor king for a firm of painting and wall covering contractors. He was painting the e xterior of dormers at a residential home. He was on a scaffold. After he complet ed his task, he lowered two scaffold planks to the ground. At that time he began to feel dizzy. He fell approximately 4.5 meters (15 feet) from a planked sectio n of the scaffold to the ground below. He sustained blunt force trauma of the to rso. He was taken to a hospital. He died the following day as a result of the mu ltiple injuries that he sustained in the incident. His injuries included fractur es of the sternum and ribs; lacerations of the liver and pancreas; contusions an d severe edema of the lungs; and scattered abrasions over left chest, left elbow , left knee, and left cheek.
caught_nonfatal	On March 28, 2014, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction contractor, was working at the construction site for a new commercial building. His work day began at 6:00 a.m., when the foreman had a quick meeting with the crew. Employee #1 and four other workers were assigned to assist the crane operator in raising and placing vertical concrete panel walls. Employee #1 was assigned to hold and place one of the four braces on the panel into a bolt and washer screwed into the concrete floor. Another worker then would tighten the bolt and washer. While placing one of the braces, Employee #1 noticed the washer had fallen. He attempted to straighten it, so that it would lie on top of the shoe of the brace. As he grabbed the washer, the panel moved. Employee #1's right index finger was caught and pinched between the panel and the floor. The finger was amputated. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for the amputation. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA on March 31, 2014. During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that the amputation occurred on Employee #1's third day working with the crane operator.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on November 6, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was laying roof decking at a multiemployer construction site. He leaned down to retie his shoelace. When he stood back up, he stepped on an unsecured sheet o f decking. The decking shifted, and Employee #1 fell to the concrete floor, a fa ll height of 23 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured neck, lacera tions to his spleen and kidney, and bruised lungs.
caught_fatal	At 3:45 a.m. on June 20, 2013, an employee was working on the drilling rig floor installing casing pipe in a well bore greater than 18,000 feet in depth.  A dri lling rig gas well bore casing pipe became stuck and created a backlash of the d rilling line on the draw works drum.  The employee and several coworkers removed the draw works cover and attempted to align the drill line to the grooves on th e draw works drum.  The casing pipe was freed and took up the drill line slack, crushing the employee's upper torso between the drill line and the turn back rol ler.  The employee was taken to the hospital by first responders and later died.
caught_fatal	At 4:41 p.m. on Monday, January 10, 2022, an employee was driving a Freightliner truck and was dropping off a trailer at a trailer yard. The employee backed up the trailer into a vacant parking spot and parked. The employee did not set the parking brakes for the truck when he exited his cab to disconnect and uncouple t he trailer. The employee pulled out on the 5th wheel lock control handle to rele ase and uncouple the truck from the trailer. As the employee pulled the handle, the truck began rolling forward. The employee quickly reacted to truck rolling f orward by running to the front of the it and leaned up against it in an attempt to stop it. Located directly behind the employee was another stationary trailer. As the truck continued rolling forward, the employee and truck began moving clo ser and closer to the stationary trailer until it crushed him against it. The em ployee suffered crushing injuries to his body resulting in death.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:26 a.m. on May 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was installing two by four overhead light fixtures at a multiemployer constructi on project.  He was working from a Werner 8-foot fiberglass stepladder.  As he t ook off a wire nut and placed two energized wires together, he received an elect ric shock to his left hand.  He was able to push himself away from the ladder an d break free.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for burns and lacerations to h is hand due to the shock.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on May 20, 2004, Employee #1 and a coworker, who worked for a different company, opened the door to an energized, 12.5-kilovolt electrical circuit when an arc flash occurred. Both employees sustained serious electrical burns to their upper bodies, arms, and heads, for which they were hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:45 p.m. on September 13, 2017, Employee #1 was installing ro of trusses on a portable building. As he worked, he lost his balance and fell 7 ft, striking a cement floor and suffering skull fractures, killing him.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 19, 2017, an employee was working for a crop farm. He wa s repairing a truck. He was replacing a damaged hydraulic line, which involved f astening and tightening fasteners on the new hose. The truck had a tipping, or t ip, bed. The hose was located behind the cab. It was just under the tip bed of t he truck, between the truck cab and the frame. The bed was elevated, so that the employee could access the hose. The employee was working between the frame of t he truck and its bed. The bed was not secured or blocked with a mechanical stop. The bed fell, striking the employee and pinning him between the frame and the b ed. He was killed.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 7, 2019, Employee #1 was driving KLX Truck #427 to drop off several pallets of paper products. The employee backed up the trailer van i nto the receiving area and then detached and parked the KLC Truck just outside t his receiving area. He exited his truck and walked into the receiving area and i nto the Truck Trap Area. He began communicating with an employee via intercom at the drop off site through the Security Window.  At approximately 11:45 a.m., as Employee #1 was standing and waiting for the receiving employee to open Overhea d Door #2, he suddenly collapsed. Employee #1 fell forward, hit his chin and nec k on a small metal table and then fell backwards toward the side wall. The emplo yer was summoned by his security staff, who immediately began chest compressions on Employee #1. EMS was called and responded. First responders continued to att empt to revive the fallen employee.  At approximately 12:26 PM, he was pronounce d dead by paramedics in consultation with the hospital base station. According t o the medical examiner, Employee #1 died from a heart attack.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 6, 2015, a roofer was spreading aluminum fiber coating on the roof of a row home while standing on a 28 foot tall aluminum ladder using a 10 foot long aluminum extension pole with a brush head attached on the end. T he employee made contact with overhead 7,200 volt powerlines with the 10-foot ex tension pole while working on the roof and fell on to a concrete sidewalk.  The employee  was electrocuted
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on July 26, 2018, an employee was working to trace wires when an ar c flash occurred. The employee received electrical shock and burn injuries to un specified body parts and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 21, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s engaged in roofing activity at a three-story multifamily residential structure that was being rehabilitated.  He was moving an anchor plate from one area of t he roof to a new work area when he slipped on wet or icy roof paper and fell, a fall height of 30 feet.  The employee sustained multiple traumatic injuries and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:10 a.m. on October 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was engaged in painting activity at a multiemployer construction project, a comm ercial building.  He was driving a scissor lift with the platform extended when the lift tipped over.  The employee fell, a fall height of 19 feet.  He was tran sported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple fractured ribs and v ertebrae.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s engaged in re-roofing work at a single family home.  He was on the roof, which had a 10 to 12 pitch, and installing new shingles.  Employee #1 removed his fal l protection safety lanyard.  He fell from the roof, through a screened pool enc losure, and to the surface below, a fall height of 12 feet 3 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for leg and back injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:15 p.m. on December 18, 2019, an employee was loading a car onto a flatbed tow truck. Once on the flatbed, the car was not secured and rolled towards the flatbed tow truck cab. The employee attempted to halt the movement and extended his left arm towards the car's right rear tire, which rolled over his left wrist /lower arm area. The employee became pinned between the tire and the flatbed of the tow truck (likely the winch motor). He broke his radius and ulna bones in hi s left arm and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:36 a.m. on July 16, 2013, Employee #1, a carpenter performing volunteer work for Amazing Grace Ministries of the Keweenaw, Inc., was setting up scaffolding on a single family residence. As he installed guardrails, he came into contact with a 7,200-volt electric power line. He was electrocuted. He fell 22 feet from the scaffold platform to the ground.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on December 2, 2005, Employee #1, #2, and #3 were constructing a 250,000-gallon water tank. Employee #3, superintendent, was operating a 28-ton Grove rough terrain crane to lift sheets of steel. Employee #2 was assisting Employee #1, holding onto the steel plates. The boom contacted an 14.3-kilovolt conductor. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2 received an electric shock. Employee #3 received burns to his right hand and chest and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 18, 2021, an employee worked on a roof cutting roofing m aterials. At some point, while stepping backward, the employee fell approximatel y thirty feet. The employee was killed by head trauma.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on April 28, 2014, Employee #1 was in a scissor lift installing insulation panels. He fell out of the lift and died.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 25, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a demolition and co ncrete contractor, was working at the site of a one-story plus basement multifam ily apartment building that was being demolished.  The employee was collecting l umber and trash to throw into an approximately 12-foot deep excavation where the concrete foundation and basement walls had been removed, exposing bare earth wa lls.  The employee was working from a concrete and metal stairway.  The stairway 's support legs had been undermined at the edge of the excavation when a concret e wall had been removed.  The stairway collapsed into the excavation, and the em ployee fell, a fall height of 10 feet, and struck his head and back on concrete debris at the bottom of the excavation.  Emergency services transported the empl oyee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple injuries in cluding a traumatic head injury and a severed spine.   Employee #1 died at the h ospital on November 28, 2020.
fall_fatal	At 5:43 p.m. on September 7, 2021, an employee worked on a roof, at some point f ell approximately twelve feet, and was killed by blunt force trauma.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 a.m. on November 7, 2014, an employee was working as a traffic control f lagger when he was struck by a drunk driver.  While stopping traffic to allow fo r heavy equipment to maneuver across the street, the employee was struck by anot her vehicle.  Witnesses observed the employee fall to the ground and contacted e mergency services.  The employee was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was tr eated and died approximately 14 hours later.  The incident investigation reveale d that the employee was wearing a reflective vest and hard hat, but was not in p ossession of a stop/slow paddle at the time the incident occurred.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 15:25 on May 20, 2008, Employee #1, the owner of Rockett Welding, was on an aerial lift, welding connections on beams at a building under construction. He was holding the 220V welding feeder in his right hand and removing slag with his left hand using a metal scraper. As the feeder in his right hand was feeding wire out of the tip, it curled toward his arm and contacted his jacket, which was saturated with water and sweat. Employee #1 then received an electric shock. He was found unconscious with his arm on fire. Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 6:15 a.m. on September 16, 2016, an employee was last seen standing at a tabl e on the foundation of a building.  As two other employees moved a forklift, it was reported that the back wheel of the forklift ran over the end of a metal bea m.  It is believed that the other end of the metal beam struck the employee on t he head. The employee was killed from chest and head injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 12, 2005, Employee #1 was part of a team removing a temporary electric service at a department store following the construction of a new addition. The removal was taking place so that permanent wiring could be hooked up and inspected. Employee #1 and a coworker were pulling the temporary conductors out of the cabinet when the ground wire contacted a live buss, causing an arc flash. Employee #1 suffered burns, for which he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:27 p.m. on August 10, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at the site of a new one-story commercial building.  He was posit ioning lumber (dunnage) under a bundle of roof trusses that was being set on the ground.  The bundle was 85 feet long and weighed 5,000 pounds.  The spreader ba r used to lift the bundles of trusses, a 3,000-pound steel beam, wasn't connecte d to the fork lift with the chain.  As the load was lowered with the forks angle d forward, the load slid off the forks and crashed to the ground, striking the e mployee.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment of multiple fractured ribs and multiple abrasions and bruises to his face, back, and head.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on May 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was doi ng repairs/rehabilitation on a building roof.  He was installing meal clips that would secure the metal roofing when he slid down the roof's slope and fell, a f all height of 16.5 feet.  The employee struck the compacted soil at surface leve l.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a possible fracture to the left collarbone.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on July 28, 2018, Employee #1, a concrete driver, backed his concre te truck next to the water pit area to clean his truck. When the water pit area was full, drivers would pump water from the pit into their drums for cleaning if they have a truck that has two yards or less of concrete.  The driver grabbed t he hose from the pump, with his right hand, and started to climb the truck's lad der that was attached to his concrete truck.  When he reached the step before th e platform, he grabbed at the platform's handrail, but missed and fell backwards , to the ground below.  The employee suffered several broken ribs and was hospit alized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 3, 2018, an employee, working as a framer, was hanging fas cia board on the second floor of a building. While working, the employee lost hi s balance and fell seventeen feet. The employee received a fracture to his right leg from the fall.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 29, 2021, an employee was installing a new electrical servi ce to a private residence when the employee contacted live 240-volt mid-span ele ctrical service wires. The employee was electrocuted and died with burns to the right forearm and left chest.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was repairing a seawall that had been damaged a few months earlier by a hurricane. He was using a tool connected to a power source through two extension cord sets. One of the cords had exposed wiring. As he was working, he contacted the exposed wiring and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 2, 2017, an employee was walking northbound along the west shoulder of the road. The employee was removing concrete from an existing j unction box to modify the elevation of the box as part of a roadway resurfacing project.  A motor vehicle traveling southbound struck the employee. Company reco rds indicate the employees were trained in roadway work zone safety.  The work b eing performed was normal routine work for the employees.  There were no contrib uting weather variables, it was clear and dry.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 26, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electric utility comp any, was engaged in electrical power line work.  He was pulling an electrical ca ble that was energized.  Employee #1 sustained an electrical shock and burns to his legs.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electrical burns.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in interior carpentry work at the site of a one-story multifamily residential building.  He was reinforcing the structure by installing the conne cting rod for a hold-down connection.  He stood on a plywood floor cover, and th e cover gave way.  The employee fell and fractured his fibula/lower leg bone.  T he employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the le g fracture.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on March 7, 2015 an employee was climbing into or out of his truck cab when he slipped on the ice that had accumulated on the steps to the cab. He sustained a head injury from the slipping on the icy steps.
electrocution_fatal	On January 22, 2004, Employee #1, who worked for a painting contractor, was on a 25 ft 3 in. tall aluminum ladder, priming the gable eave on the east side of a 29 ft tall building. There was an energized 7,200-volt line 25 ft above the ground and a neutral line at 21 ft. The uniinsulated wire was 20 ft from the front of ther building and 8 ft from the rear of the building. Employee #1 descended, put down his paint bucket and roller, and was trying to reposition the ladder when he lost control and the ladder fell into the overhead lines. Coworkers heard a loud bang and found Employee #1 lying, face up, on the ground; his right arm was resting on the ladder's bottom rung, which was still energized. One coworker called 911 and another used a scrap board to knock Employee #1's arm off the ladder, which was still being held by the power from the live line to the neutral line. The same board was used to knock down the ladder. CPR and first aid was administered until the fire department arrived at 11:25 a.m. He was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as engaged in roofing activity at a two-story multifamily residential structure. He was attempting to install a fall protection anchor on top of the structure' s roof, which had a pitch of 7:12.  The employee's feet became entangled in an a ir hose, and he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and tre ated for multiple fractured ribs, a fractured pelvis, and a collapsed lung.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 3, 2020, an employee was working for a solid waste collec tion firm. He was at a county landfill. He was standing behind a pile of debris. It is possible that he was in a group of workers behind the pile of debris. A w orker for the county was operating a bulldozer at the landfill. He was unable to see the employee (and any coworkers) behind the pile. The employee was struck b y and caught in the debris being pushed by the bulldozer. The employee suffered multiple traumas. He was killed. The employer did not report the death within ei ght hours. The fatality came to OSHA's attention on the following day, August 4, by way of an open source media. The Buffalo area office opened an inspection on August 4.
caught_fatal	At approximately 3:38 a.m. on March 12, 2013, Employee #1, a truck driver with Upper Valley Disposal Services, Inc., was struck by another truck while exiting his work station. Employee #1 was caught in between the wheels of a trailer, driven by a coworker, and Employee #1 suffered unspecified fractures. Emergency responders were all on site, but Employee #1 was killed. Employee #1 was employed by the employer at the time of injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 a.m. on September 19, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, of Optimum Inc., were engaged in road demolition work. They were attempting to move a portable light tower 2 to 3 feet in order to sweep dirt and asphalt from under the light tower. Employee #1 positioned himself directly in front of the light tower and grasped the end of the trailer's towing hitch. Coworker #1 positioned himself on the side of the light tower and grasped the trailer's tow bar neck. As both employees attempted to lift and drag the light tower, the trailer jack collapsed. The light tower began to fall. Coworker #1 immediately let go of the tow bar neck. Employee #1, in an attempt to prevent the light tower from hitting the ground, maintained his grip. When the trailer ball attachment hit the ground, it severed Employee #1's left small finger. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a finger amputation.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:20 p.m. on June 9, 2006, Employee #1 was working as a framing carpenter at a new house under construction in Corona, CA. His employer was a framing contractor. Employee #1 was cutting wooden headers from 6-inch by 6-inch by 4-foot lumber for framing the top of the house's main door entrance. He placed a piece of lumber on the top of a work table and secured it with a nail, so that he could operate his power saw using both hands. With a 4400 rpm, 7.25-inch worm drive Skilsaw Model Number HD77M portable saw, he made a diagonal half-cut into one side of the piece. After he made the cut, he lifted his right finger off the saw's trigger, but the blade was still coasting freely. As he lifted the saw from the cut, the blade contacted the piece, at which time the saw bound and kicked back. The blade contacted the middle finger of his left hand, amputating it. Employee #1was taken to the Citrus Valley Industrial Care facility in Corona, CA, for treatment. The clinic referred him to the Placentia Linda Hospital in Placentia, CA, for surgery. Surgery was performed next day, and Employee #1 was hospitalized for less than 24 hours. He was a regular employee of the employer.
electrocution_fatal	On August 9, 2005, Employee #1 and coworkers were lifting a double-wide mobile trailer with a truck crane. Six house cables, which were attached to the underside of a spreader bar, were lowered down from the top of the trailer so that three of the cables hung down on each side. They pulled the three cables hanging down on the north side of the trailer underneath and attached metal beckets to shorter cables hanging down from the spreader bar on the opposite side. This procedure formed a wire cradle underneath the belly of the trailer. During the lift of the trailer, Employee #1 and five coworkers were stationed around the sides. Employee #1 was holding a house cable in place over a small piece of pipe softener along the bottom edge of the I-beams. The rigging came within 10 ft of a power line and a wire rope lifting sling contacted the 48-kilovolt, 3-phase power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in demolition work at a one-story commercial building.  He was o n the roof and attempting to retrieve a broom to clean the lower level when he f ell through the roof, a fall height of approximately 15 feet, and struck the con crete floor.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractures to his arm, knee, and leg.
fall_nonfatal	On May 18, 2017, Employee #1 was engaged in a roofing activity. The employee unh ooked his harness, lost his balance, and fell 25 feet to the ground below. Emplo yee #1 sustained a fractured pelvis and tailbone, and was hospitalized for his i njuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on May 13, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a power line construction company, was replacing a power transmission line pole.  The employee was removi ng a jack that provided tension on the energized center power line when the empl oyee made contact with the jack and was shocked.  The employee was transported t o the hospital for treatment of electric shock and burns and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	On August 18, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction comp any, were working at a multiemployer construction project.  They were working fr om a swing stage scaffold and engaged in forming walls.  The two employees desce nded to ground level to get materials and equipment.  As they carried the materi als up to the scaffold platform, the platform wire rope snapped and the scaffold platform fell to the ground.  Both workers were protected by the fall protectio n equipment they were wearing.  However, Employee #1 was struck by equipment and materials and fell several floors before the fall protection equipment stopped his fall.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for injuries to his back, arm, and legs .
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:55 a.m. on July 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was engaged in electrical work at a commercial building.  He was working from a ladder and moving wires in an electrical junction box (J-box) when he re ceived a 277-volt electric shock to his hand.  This caused him to fall from the ladder.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for electric shock and burns to his right thumb and index finger and a back injury.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 6, 2022, an employee was setting up to deliver animal feed using a Hensley Model Number ATLW-40.5-35-9 auger trailer. The employee engaged the controls of a top-mounted 36-foot boom from outside of the driver's side fr ont section of the trailer.  The boom touched or came in close proximity to ener gized lines.  Electricity traveled through the truck, exiting through the employ ee, killing him.  Standing water was identified as a contributing factor.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 10, 2021, an employee had been operating an Ottawa termin al tractor when he got off the tractor without engaging the parking brake. The e mployee was standing near the vehicle when it moved and ran over him. The employ ee was killed when he was crushed by the rear wheels.
fall_fatal	At approximately 5:50 p.m. on March 16, 2017, Employee #1 was standing on an A-f rame ladder propped against a wall.  He fell from the ladder and struck his head on the concrete floor.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 4:40 p.m. on March 23, 2022, Employee #1 was a miner, whose job was to perfor m various maintenance throughout the tunnels and stations at an underground subw ay station under construction. Employee #1 was fatally injured in an accident wh ile installing steel water pipe in La Brea Station near a tunnel portal. On the afternoon of the accident, Employee #1 began his shift at approximately 2:00 p.m . and was assigned to install steel water pipe with another miner (a coworker). Sections of the steel pipe had been placed near installation points on previous shifts and the assigned task on this shift was to connect the pipe. For approxim ately two hours, Employee #1 and the coworker coupled sections of pipe together near the portal of the southern tunnel on the west side of La Brea Station.  The nightshift locomotive operator stated that he looked along both sides of the lo comotive, did not see anyone in his path of travel, sounded the horn, then slowl y pushed the train toward the tunnel portal. The coworker turned his head and wa tched the flatcar run over Employee #1. The  coworker immediately communicated t o the locomotive operator to stop the train, and the locomotive operator quickly responded. When the train completely stopped, the majority of Employee #1's bod y was under the flatcar and his face rested on the track. LAFD and LAPD responde d to the call and arrived at the accident scene. The night crew miners had raise d and blocked the front of the flatcar, which allowed LAFD to remove Employee #1 from underneath the flatcar. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at the scene.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on May 15, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as decking the third level of a new three-story commercial building.  As he inst alled a spreader sheet that measured approximately 18 feet long by 3 feet wide, he fell to the next level, a fall height of approximately 12 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of leg and hip fractures.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:20 p.m. on April 14, 2018, Employee #1 and his coworker, electricians emplo yed by an electrical services company, were opening up a primary electrical swit chboard enclosure of 13,200 volts of alternating current (VAC).  Employee #1 rea ched into the switch and made contact with two energized phases.  An arc flash/b last occurred.  Employee #1 was thrown against an adjacent electrical switchboar d.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal.  He was admitted and treated for first and second degree burns across the c hest, a third degree exit wound at the right bicep, and a laceration to the head .
struck_fatal	At 10:55 a.m. three employees were lifting a 40 foot aluminum ladder to place it against an exterior wall of a building to gain access to the roof. The employee s lost balance of the ladder, it fell backwards striking a 7,200 V power line th at allowed electrical current to flow through the three employees, shocking two employees resulting in serious injuries and electrocuting the other employee.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on December 17, 2018, an employee had attached the wrong part to a trailer and was in the process of correcting it while welding.  The employee ca ught his thumb in between the piece being welded and the trailer stand, amputati ng it to the first knuckle.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 p.m. on April 10, 2017, Employee #1 was driving a water hauling truck an d pulling a water tank trailer up a hill. The truck was unable to make it up the hill, and the trailer jack-knifed. The employee went down the hill, and a secon d truck was brought to the site to straighten the trailer and pull it down the h ill.  As the trailer was pulled, it rolled onto its side, and struck Employee #1 , breaking his upper right leg. The employee was hospitalized for his injury.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:45 p.m. on September 9, 2015, an employee was run over by a dump truck and killed while involved in an asphalt milling operation.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 10, 2017, Employee #1 was using a Hitachi pneumatic na il gun to tack/nail the rafters on the second floor of a residential home. A 3.2 5 inch smooth shank framing nail bounced or ricocheted off the top of another na il or a metal hanger close by, and entered Employee #1 through his nostril, lodg ing behind his right eye. The employee was hospitalized for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:40 p.m. on October 4, 2012, Employee #1, of Ulland Brothers Inc., was working at a construction site in Wright, MN. He was standing near a ditch parallel to a county road, guiding a concrete culvert apron into place. The concrete culvert apron was being lowered by a Telescoping Boom Crane operated by Kraemer Construction Inc. The crane was approximately 8 feet from energized power lines carrying 7,200 volts of electricity. Although the crane never made direct contact with the power lines, electricity from the power lines jumped to the crane's load line and down to the concrete culvert apron. Employee #1's hands were placed on the concrete culvert apron as he guided it into place. He was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 11, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an elec trical contractor, were working with electrical cable at a job site.  Employee # 1 was sizing and holding the electrical cable as Coworker #1 operated a manual c able lopper to cut the cable.  The lopper blade came in contact with Employee #1 's right thumb.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration to the right thu mb that later resulted in an amputation of the thumb tip.
fall_fatal	At 3:50 p.m. on July 22, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an electrical se rvices company, were working from a portable work platform, an A.B. Chance 12-fo ot Baker scaffold, that was attached to a newly installed 59-foot utility pole. The work platform separated from the pole, and both employees fell approximatel y 42 to 45 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.  Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital, admitted, and treated for fall-related injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On December 11, 2012, Employee #1 was replacing belts on a vacuum pump. The pump, an automatic start equipment, was not de-energize. As he worked, the pump activated and its rotating parts caught and partially amputated three fingers on his left hand. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he underwent treatment and was then hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 8, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a build ing exteriors company, were working at a residential construction project.  They were installing a waterproofing/insulating siding wrap to the house's exterior. The roof above the front porch began to collapse, and Employee #1 was struck b y the falling material.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis an d contusions to his lower back and torso.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on July 20, 2013, Employee #1, of Northrop Grumman Corporation, was told by his supervisor to use an uncertified crane (DROTT 3330, Serial Number 6225059 Carrydeck Crane) to do a task of lifting metal grades at the waste water treatment area. The employee experienced a problem with the crane when the wire/rope on the lower sheave of the crane was not aligning properly. Employee #1 asked a coworker to operate a function on the crane to move the wire rope while the employee stood up on the crane to use his hand to guide and align the wire rope on the sheave. The coworker was operating the crane under Employee #1's instructions. Somehow Employee #1's left thumb got caught between the sheave and the guide bar while aligning the moving ropes. Employee #1 sustained a fracture to his left thumb which required surgery and was hospitalized at El Camino Hospital for more than twenty-four hours.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on December 5, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a constructi on company, were excavating five holes for new power line poles intended to supp ort existing power lines along a country road.  They were using a Premier Oilfie ld Equipment CV-100T Hydrovac truck.  They had completed the excavations for two poles and were preparing to dig a third hole in a ditch area, which required ad ding extensions to the truck's boom.  Both employees were along the road, with E mployee #1 operating the boom's remote control device.  Employee #1 later report ed that his vision was affected by the sun and the lower power line blending in with the trees when an electric arc occurred.  It was unclear whether the boom c ame into direct contact with the power line or was in close proximity.  Employee #2 sustained two electric shocks and, following the second shock, he lost consc iousness and rolled into the ditch.  Employee #1 was frozen in place by the elec tric shock but was able to use the remote control and move the boom away from th e power line.  Employee #1 then entered the ditch and began performing CPR on Em ployee #2 until emergency services arrived.  The two employees were transported to the hospital.  Employee #1 was held overnight for observation and then was re leased.  Employee #2 was admitted for treatment of third degree burns to his han ds and leg.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on May 11, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was worki ng at a one-story residence.  He was operating a 10-inch DeWALT Table Saw to cut wood siding when a piece of siding became stuck between the saw's blade and its fence.  As Employee #1 attempted to remove the siding, four fingers made contac t with the blade and were amputated.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for the finger amputations.
caught_fatal	At 5:07 a.m. on May 26, 2016, an employee was connecting a trailer to a 5th whee l plate by guiding the driver of the truck using a flashlight and hand signals. He was kneeling under the table of casing in order to see the pin of the fifth w heel and the tractor trailer. He was directed by the driver to kneel under the t able of casing because it was the safest area. At some point the employee moved from his kneeling position and the driver noticed he was standing and nearer the tractor trailer. The trailer bed slid off the fifth wheel and pinned the employ ee between the trailer bed and the table of casing. The worker was pinned betwee n the trailer and table and was killed by asphyxiation.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on February 22, 2017, a job superintendent was tasked with measurin g the structural supports over a hotel swimming pool for the installation of ove rhead sky lights.  To accomplish this he set up a ladder in the base of the shal low end of the swimming pool, which had been drained of water. With the ladder l eaned up against the pool wall, the superintendent climbed the ladder and tore a 2 foot by 2 foot hole of dry wall that covered the support system to take measu rements where the skylights were to be installed. As he was approximately 17 to 19 feet above the bottom of the pool, he fell and struck his head at the bottom of the pool. The superintendent was taken to a nearby hospital, were he was trea ted for a severe head injury, resulting in substantial memory loss. There were n o witnesses to the incident. However, further investigation suspected that the l adder had slipped out from under the superintendent while he was taking measurem ents.
fall_nonfatal	On November 1, 2013, Employee #1, a 49-year-old male carpenter with Socal Framing Inc., was engaged in the framing operations on a multi-story apartment building. At the beginning of the shift workers had used a ladder to get to the second level from the ground level. During the lunch break, Employee #1 was walking on the fully installed second floor to go down to the ground level. The walls on the second floor were completely framed in however; no drywall boards were attached at the time. The ladder, that the workers used earlier to get on the second floor had been moved, so Employee #1 attempted to use the framed wall to climb down to the ground level. While Employee #1 was climbing down, a horizontal piece of lumber, on the framed wall, gave way and he fell about 10 ft onto the concrete floor at the ground level below. Employee #1 suffered multiple fractures in the fall and was hospitalized for about a week. This employer was engaged in the framing operations for residential and commercial building construction and Employee #1 was not a contract worker.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on February 28, 2017, an employee was working for a finish carpentr y contractor. He was making a wooden template and he was doing this by performin g a plunge cut with a dado blade installed on a table saw. The piece of wood bei ng cut was kicked back.  When this occurred, the employee's left hand struck the saw blade.  Part of the middle finger on his left hand was amputated and he was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:50 p.m. on April 13, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a constr uction company, were installing siding at a single family residential constructi on project.  The coworker, who was working from a stepladder, misstepped while d escending and lost control of the Hitchachi NV 65aH2 pneumatic coil nail gun he was operating.  The nail gun fired a 1.5-inch nail that penetrated Employee #1's hardhat and lodged in his skull.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and underwent surgery inclu ding excision of bone to remove the nail.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on January 7, 2019, an employee unhooked his lanyard and was about to egress from the roof via ladder.  Te employee lost his footing, slid off of t he roof and fell 42 feet.  He struck a palm tree then continued to fall to the s urface. The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on July 20, 2017, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a roofing c ompany, were engaged in roofing work at a residential building construction site .  They were installing roof shingles when lightning struck the roof and made co ntact with all three employees.  Emergency services were called to transport the injured employees to the hospital for treatment of electrical shock and burns. The subsequent investigation report indicated that Employees #1 and #2 required admission and hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 9:10 a.m. on June 16, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a nail gu n. He was nailing exterior wood siding on the gable end fascia on a residential construction project. Employee #1 used a scaffold at an approximate height of 25 feet to reach the gable end fascia. As he punched in the first nail into the si ding, the scaffold fell away from the residence and collapsed. Employee #1 suffe red serious unspecified fractures. Employee #1 was transported to a medical cent er, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On December 5, 2002, Employee #1 was maneuvering a J.L.G. extendable boom aerial lift between a house and overhead power lines in preparation for installing a 4 ft by 8 ft window. He stopped the lift to check how close the boom was from the bottom wire. When he raised his head to check, he contacted the 14,400-volt tip wire. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	On January 30, 2012 Employee #1 of John B Anfilippo & Son Inc., was assigned to the night shift sanitation crew. Employee #1 was cleaning the RB-cup line. Employee #1's cleaning practice was to blow waste off with the air gun, then brush remaining food waste off with a brush and a paper towel while the line was running. As Employee #1 was wiping down the cup line, they saw some food waste inside going past them. Employee #1 reached down to quickly flick it out but was not quick enough and their hand was pulled into/under the guard of the cup holder section. Employee #1 sustained a broken wrist and permanent damage to top of left hand. Employee #1 was hospitalized and treated for this injury.
electrocution_fatal	On September 15, 2004, Employee #1 was delivering concrete landscaping blocks. He was unloading a pallet of blocks from the rear of his truck, using a hand held control box. The boom of his boom truck contacted a 7,620-volt, single-phase, overhead power line. He was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on April 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing company, was working at a two-story multifamily residential construction project .  Working from an extension ladder, he erected a sheet of plywood.  As Employee #1 descended the ladder, the plywood fell and struck him.  Employee #1 fell fro m the ladder, a fall height of 5 to 7 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a head injury, a left temporal lobe brain hemorrhage.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on August 6, 2019, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by an H VAC company, were loading copper steel pipes onto a truck bed outside the employ er's warehouse/shop area.  They were using a forklift and an 8-foot sling strap to load a 26-foot, 494-pound pipe when the strap slipped off the fork, causing t he pipe to fall and crush Employee #1's arm.  Employee #1 was transported and ad mitted to the hospital for treatment of a fractured arm.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 6:45 a.m., on September 21, 2013, Employee #1, a driver, was operating a garbage truck at a trash waste collection and recycling service facility. The facility provides residential or commercial recycling services, such as hazardous waste, sharps disposal, yard waste collection, electronic waste collection, food waste, removal of bulky items, special appliance pick-up information, bin, roll off, holiday tree recycling, rubbish removal. The garbage truck was a Peterbilt commercial front loader truck, Number 417 (Model Number 320) and it was used to collect trash from a commercial customer facility and stored the material in dumpster bins (four-yard capacity). Prior to offloading the truck, he manually moved a bin out of the trash enclosure and sat in the truck cab. He picked up the bin on the truck forks by using its controls in the cab and lifted it up to empty in the hopper opening located at the top of the truck. As he was maneuvering the forks control to empty the trash bin, it slipped off the forks and partially fell in the hopper opening with the bin doors becoming stuck on the trash. He climbed up on the truck top via its side ladder and set his right foot on the hopper edge. At that time, he tried to push back the bin onto the forks with his right hand (away from him), when his right foot slipped in the hopper and the bin slid back towards him. The bin pinned his right lower leg between it and the hopper edge of the truck, causing a serious fracture injury. A supervisor transported him to a hospital for treatment. Surgery was performed the same day and Employee #1 was hospitalized for less than five days.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 20, 2019, an employee was using an unguarded Steel City To ol Works 10 inch Deluxe Saw, 4150 RPM, Model Number 35639, hand-fed table mounte d circular ripsaw. The blade was up about 1.5 inches and the wood was 0.1875 inc h thick. The employee's right hand index finger was amputated when it was struck by the saw blade.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on June 12, 2017, an employee was installing a roof parapet/cornic e joists at the roof edge of a six-story building. The employee fell and was kil led from blunt force trauma to his torso and head when striking ground.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 13, 2002, Employee #1, an electrician's assistant, was installing an outdoor lighting fixture at a large residence. He had been troubleshooting the energized fixture, trying to isolate a fault in the lamp. Unable to find the short, Employee #1 decided to replace the lighting fixture unit. Other employees were working on the line at the time at other places in the residence. Employee #1 was stripping the wire to install the new fixture when his right index finger slipped off his insulated pliers and contacted the live wire. He fell forward onto his left leg, and the current traveled across his heart and out his right leg to ground. A supervisor discovered Employee #1 leaning on the ground, seized to the light fixture, with current passing through him. The supervisor knocked the victim from the fixture and applied first aid. He performed CPR, after which Employee #1's heart resumed a normal rhythm. He was transported by paramedics to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for electric shock and burns. Employee #1 was not a licensed electrician nor a registered journeyman; he had about five years experience working with electrical installations. The lighting system was apparently powered through a step-up transformer rated at about 200 volts. The employer was cited for violations of T8CCR 2320.4(a) and 2320.2(a) of the Electrical Safety Orders; the latter was deemed as related to the accident. The employer was also issued citations related to its written and implemented safety program. These included a violation, general, of T8CCR 1509(a) and (c), related to its safety program; and violations, serious/acident-related, of T8CCR 2320.2(a) and T8CCR 2320.4(a), related to de-energized equipment or systems.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 6, 2017, an employee was climbing a portable ladder to pla ce a tarp over a skylight. During positioning of the tarp, he slipped and fell 1 9 feet to the floor below. The employee sustained a bruised lung, broken collar bone, three-fractured ribs, and a fractured skull.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on April 11, 2018, Employee #1, a rigger employed by a construction framing company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a seven-s tory multifamily residential building.  He was on the fifth floor and unloading a bundle of two by four lumber.  As he turned away from the load, he walked over a floor shaft hole that measured approximately 3 feet by 4 feet and that was no t securely covered or labeled.  The hole cover slipped, and Employee #1 fell thr ough the hole to the concrete surface five stories below, a fall height of 50 to 60 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for massive head trauma and skull fract ures.  At the time of this report, Employee #1 was in a quadriplegic state and a waiting further surgeries to close skull fractures.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on March 13, 2012, an Employee was working from a telescopic boom aerial lift approximately 15 to 20 feet from the ground. The employee began to cut a pipe hanger holding 30 feet by 6 inch section of pipe in place from a steam line pole. The top end of the pipe moved from its position striking an energized overhead power lines that was approximately 7 to 9 feet from the employee's location. The line contacted the employee, resulting in the electrocution of the employee from the contact it made with the pipe.
electrocution_fatal	An employee made contact with a fuse riser that was energized by device T-7, which was closed instead of open. He and his coworkers were unaware that the fuse riser was energized at 4,800 volts. It was being fed inversely from bottom to top and not from the primary elctric line. The employee was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	Two employees were relocating security-monitoring equipment and associated wiring at a grocery store. One of the employees was standing on a desk working on the task when he contacted a 120-volt conductor. He received an electric shock and fell from the desk, landing on the floor, still gripping the conductor. His coworker, who was nearby in an aerial lift, heard a moan. He found the injured employee unconscious on the floor. The coworker kicked away the conductor and started cardio-pulmonary resuscitation. However, the injured employee died of electrocution.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:34 a.m. on August 15, 2019, an employee climbed a ladder (Little Giant) to access a roof. The ladder slipped out from under the employee, who then fell ap proximately eight feet, and struck their head on an HVAC vent pipe. The employee was taken to the hospital to treat a concussion with loss of consciousness and a head laceration without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:20 a.m. on March 23, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a road construction com pany, was engaged in form work during a new road construction project.  As he wa s removing a column form, he grabbed a wire rope/guy wire.  The rope, which was under tension, wrapped around his right hand and pinched his fingers.  The emplo yee was transported to the hospital, where surgeons amputated his middle and rin g fingers and the tip of his pinky finger.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 21, 2020, an employee was working from a scaffold to pump c oncrete mix into a block wall. At some point, the employee lost his balance and fell from the scaffold while setting up the hose to pump the concrete. The emplo yee was killed by blunt force trauma to unspecified body parts.
fall_nonfatal	Employee #1 was engaged in interior carpentry work at a one-story residence.  Af ter making adjustments to a baker scaffold, he began to climb up the scaffold. The scaffold began to shift, and the employee fell, a fall height of 7 feet.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to a wr ist and elbows.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 23, 2020, Employee #1 was replacing ceiling light bulbs on a home's back deck. Employee #1 was standing on a ladder, and the ladder sli pped out from underneath him. He fell off the home's deck and landed on the home 's backyard rock wall. Employee #1 was killed from blunt force trauma due to the fall.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 27, 2020, an employee was working for a wholesaler of plumbing and heating (hydronics) equipment and supplies. Using a flatbed truck, he was at a site making a delivery of a bundle of poly pipes. Someone working fo r a different company was unloading the pipes. That worker was pulling the pipes off of the bed of the truck using a chain and truck. After the pipes were off t he truck, the worker looked back and saw the employee on the ground near the fro nt of the flatbed truck. He had been struck in the head by a pipe or some pipes. On May 3, 2020, he died of his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 12, 2018, an employee was replacing deteriorated piece s of lathing within a roof, when he fell through the roof.  The employee struck his head on the concrete floor below and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on December 27, 2021, an employee worked to install a six-foot sect ion of sheeting between a window and the corner of a building. The employee clim bed a sixteen-foot extension ladder to reach the location of the work, which was placed on slippery and muddy ground. The employee stood on the top rung to nail in a twelve-inch by eight-foot strip of wood in place. When the employee began to work, the ladder shifted approximately an inch, which caused the employee to look down and see that the ladder was starting to kick outward. The employee att empted to grab ahold of the nearest window, missed, and fell approximately twelv e feet, and struck a fire sprinkler standpipe on the way down. The employee aske d to go home and shower, feeling stiffness after the fall. The employee then wen t to the hospital the next day and was treated for multiple contusions and abras ions to the lower back and buttocks.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 18, 2022, an employee was using a Bobcat  S185 Compact S kid Steer Loader to transport snow to a Chevrolet 3500 pickup truck. The employe e turned the skid loader around to deposit the snow with the bucket raised when the skid loader tilted forward. The bucket made contact with the bed of the truc k and the front door of the skid loader made contact with the side of the truck bed causing the glass in the door to break. The employee had braced himself for impact by holding onto the sides of the window pane. The force of the impact of the skid loader caused it to bounce after it had hit the truck. This caused the employee's right hand to slip out of the cab and got caught between the window p ane and the side of the truck. The employee was hospitalized to treat an amputat ion to his right ring finger.
struck_fatal	At 10:45 am on March 1, 2018, an employee was receiving delivery of galvanized C -joists in bundles.  The bundles of C-joists were stacked on an elevated platfor m.  The strap of the top bundle broke off causing a portion of the bundle to sli de down and strike the employee in the abdominal area.  The C-joists crushed the employee and caused him to go into cardiac arrest.  He later died in the hospit al.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on July 29, 2019, an employee was operating a powered industrial v ehicle (PIV) and had just finished loading a truck. After placing the last crate on the truck, he backed the PIV onto the dock but failed to back up far enough to clear the dock. The front end of the PIV was resting on the dock plate when t he employee gave the truck driver the signal to pull away. When the truck driver drove forward, the dock plate dropped an inch causing the front end of the PIV to fall to the ground below. The front end of the PIV was on the ground while th e back end stayed on the dock. The employee tried to exit the PIV and fell strik ing his head on the dock. The employee incurred a laceration and a burn to his h ead and leg and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 1:54 p.m. on February 1, 2022, an employee worked to install guardrail "walls " on a balcony. While attempting to toss an extension cord to a coworker, the em ployee lost balance, and fell approximately one hundred and twenty feet and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 25, 2003, Employee #1 was using a Skil saw when he received a severe laceration to his left thumb, which was not amputated.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:40 a.m. on June 28, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a job site, a power plant.  He was operating a DeWalt angle grin der and cutting the edge of a metal slab when the grinder kicked back and struck his knee.  Employee #1 required treatment for a laceration to the knee, but he did not require hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:22 a.m. on July 15, 2003, Employee #1, a laborer, was coring through concrete to install a conduit into an underground telecommunication manhole box. The drill bit cut through an energized 12 kilovolt high-voltage cable and distribution circuit, severely burning Employee #1. He was taken to a local hospital, where he had to have his left arm, right foot, and portions of his left foot surgically amputated. He also sustained an ischemic brain injury. The employer had started core drilling into the electrical duct bank containing high voltage feeders before a thorough visual inspection had been made and before tests were done to confirm that the area was safe for drilling.
electrocution_fatal	On January 5, 2005, Employee #1 was working at a residence in Los Angeles, CA. He had come to the house offering to do plumbing work and the homeowner asked him to investigate water leaks under the house to see what needed to be repaired. Employee #1 crawled under the house with a light at the end of an extension cord. The power on the extension cord tripped and Employee #1 asked the homeowner to relocate the plug. She did so and then heard Employee #1 scream. The homeowner called 911; paramedics arrived at the scene but were unsuccessful in their attempts to revive Employee #1, who had been electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 11:25 a.m. on December 24, 2019, an employee was assisting a coworker with re pairing a dump truck drive shaft and was crushed when the coworker lowered the t ruck bed and frame, killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on November 1, 2017, an employee was using a Walkie powered industr ial truck to retrieve stacked empty pallets at ground level. As a coworker pulle d into the stall next to the employee and retrieved 20 stacked empty pallets fro m a second tier level, the employee was struck by several pallets.  The employee sustained fractures to his left clavicle, right fibula, and right tibia, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 17, 2019, an employee and coworker worked to drill piles f or a bridge expansion. The employee and coworker removed the auger tool from the drill rig to attach a spin bottom when the employee attempted to clean the spin bottom pin hole. At the same time, the coworker lifted the Kelly bar and the em ployee's fingers became caught between the drill rig and pin hole of the spin bo ttom. The employee received two finger amputations to the left and was taken to the hospital for treatment without hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 5, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor , was engaged in roofing rehabilitation work at a commercial building.  The empl oyee, who was not using any form of fall protection, fell from the roof, a fall height of 20 feet, and struck his head on the concrete surface.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on August 4, 2015, an employee got out of a truck and walked behin d the trailer.  The truck rolled back and the employee was crushed between the t railer and the dock. The employee sustained a crushed back and chest and was kil led.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 10, 2021, an employee was installing solar panels on a roof without fall protection. The employee fell from the roof to the concrete d riveway below incurring a concussion and requiring hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 3, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a con crete products company, were working at a multiemployer residential construction project. They were installing the base for a pumping station. Coworker #1 was u sing a sling connected to a truck-mounted crane to lower a 13-foot section of 4- inch ductile iron pipe when the pipe slipped out of the sling and struck Employe e #1. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hos pital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries including fractures to his arm and pelvis. He also had lacerations and contusions to his head and tors o.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 22, 2019, an employee was moving a 32,000 pound steel coil with a Deshazo 30-ton overhead crane when the employee was caught in-between th e coil he was moving with the crane and a stationary coil on the floor of the wa rehouse which was in storage. The employee was hospitalized with cracked vertebr a and internal bleeding.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 14, 2018, Employee #1 was working at the renovation o f a one-story multifamily residential structure.  As he moved an electrical box, he came into contact with exposed energized wires and was severely shocked.  Th e employee's heart stopped.  The employee revived and was transported to the hos pital for treatment.  The employee was hospilalized for two or more days.
fall_fatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on July 21, 2016, Employee #1 and a coworker were ins ide a tower setting bolts for the nacelle which supports the rotor and blades. The overall height from the ground to the top of the tower supporting the nacell e is approximately 328 feet.  Employee #1 and a coworker were in the process of climbing back down the tower.  The coworker was climbing down the ladder inside the tower first and closed the platform hatches as he passed through them.  Empl oyee #1 was climbing down after the coworker and at approximately the third leve l platform he fell down onto the second level platform, approximately 80 feet. Employee #1 was wearing a fall protection harness with a Lad-Saf system manufact ured by SALA connected to the vertical lifeline with the Lad-Saf device.  The La d-Saf device was either improperly connected to the lifeline or the device faile d. Employee #1 fell and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On August 26, 2003, Employee #1 was hooking up a septic tank under a trailer that was being used as an office. He was laying on the ground making PVC pipe connections when a coworker found him unresponsive. Emergency Services was called and declared Employe #1 dead from unknown causes. An administrative coworker inside the trailer who responded to give assistance said that she had received an electric shock when she touched the side of the trailer and the aluminum steps and railing leading from the trailer to the ground.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1, along with a coworker and a foreman, were installing electrical service in a residential subdivision. Employee #1 was hand-feeding cable through a conduit inside a ground transformer while the coworker was pulling cable off a spool held by a backhoe bucket. Employee #1 had begun pushing the cable through when the foreman said that he would get a pair of insulated gloves for Employee #1 to use. The foreman went to the truck and returned in approximately 30 seconds. He saw Employee #1 stepping back from the transformer and asked if he was okay. Employee #1 nodded, but didn't say anything and then knelt down. The foreman went to get him some water; when he came back, he found Employee #1 lying face down. The foreman began CPR and called 911, but Employee #1 died. He had contacted the energized parts of the transformer, which were not covered.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 5, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker were in a lumber yar d parking lot and attempting to secure several sheets of 4-foot by 8-foot plywoo d to the overhead rack of a truck.  Employee #1 was tightening a Rackstrap, Inc. ratchet strap with a ratchet pin tightening tool.  Employee #1 released his gri p on the tool, the ratchet unwound, and the pin shot out and struck him in his r ight eye.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated fo r a contusion to the eye.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 25, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a demolition and co ncrete contractor, was working at the site of a one-story plus basement multifam ily apartment building that was being demolished.  The employee was collecting l umber and trash to throw into an approximately 12-foot deep excavation where the concrete foundation and basement walls had been removed, exposing bare earth wa lls.  The employee was working from a concrete and metal stairway.  The stairway 's support legs had been undermined at the edge of the excavation when a concret e wall had been removed.  The stairway collapsed into the excavation, and the em ployee fell, a fall height of 10 feet, and struck his head and back on concrete debris at the bottom of the excavation.  Emergency services transported the empl oyee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple injuries in cluding a traumatic head injury and a severed spine.   Employee #1 died at the h ospital on November 28, 2020.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 2:20 p.m. on February 20, 2014, Employees #1 and #2, both carpenters, were working at a construction site and from within a falsework tower. They disconnected the web slings that were attached to the tower. As a crane operator retracted the spreader bar and chain rigging, a section of the crane rigging struck and lifted up the left side of the tower. This movement caused the free standing falsework scaffold tower to fall with two employees still attached to their fall arrest system. Both employees sustained serious and unspecified injuries and were taken to a general hospital, where they were admitted and treated.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on May 30, 2015, an employee was performing general repair work rel ated to a tunnel rehabilitation job. The employee was pinned between an aerial l ift and the tunnel ceiling about 15-20 feet in the air, fatally crushing his hea d and upper back.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on April 25, 2005, Employee #1 was rip-cutting a 2 in. by 4 in. stud in the rotunda of a new home under construction. Employee #1 was holding a short piece of stud against the ground with his left hand and was holding a Skilsaw with his right hand. As Employee #1 was making the cut, the blade hit a knot or a nail, and the Skilsaw bounced backward and cut his left hand. A manager was working at the construction site at the time of the accident. Employee #1 was transported to El Centro Regional Medical Center and subsequently taken by air flight to UCSD Medical Center in San Diego where he was hospitalized for surgery. No training on Skilsaws was documented for Employee #1.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on March 30, 2018, Employee #1 and his coworker were engaged in ex terior carpentry at a one-story residential construction project.  They were mea suring, cutting, and installing blocking in the rooftop truss system.  Employee #1 was moving backward along a truss when he fell, a fall height of approximatel y 9.7 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to 10 ribs.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on February 19, 2010, Employee #1 and a coworker were removing a screw that ran through an extruder machine. The screw had become stuck, and they were using the forks of a Toyota forklift to push the screw back into the machine. The coworker was operating the forklift, which had a "side shifter" carriage. He raised the forks to align them horizontally with the screw, while Employee #1 stood next to the forklift, directing his coworker. When Employee #1 placed his right hand on the right side of the forklift carriage for support, the middle and ring fingers of that hand were crushed between the load rest and the carriage.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on February 3, 2021, an employee was working for a trucking company . He was a truck driver. He drove heavy tractor trailers. He was at the site of a wholesale grocer. He was walking, when he was struck by a snowplow operated by a snow removal contractor. He was run over and crushed. He was killed.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on March 4, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a constr uction company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a one-stor y commercial building.  They were working near the edge of the roof, marking loc ations for bolts on the side of the building.  Employee #1 fell off the roof's e dge, a fall height of 11.5 feet, and hit his head on the concrete floor.  Emerge ncy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He d ied while receiving treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:54 a.m. on May 20, 2019, an employee worked to install 'Thermoplastic" mate rial on a roof. While working, the employee's foot hit a section of wall that ca used the employee to lose balance. The employee fell approximately six feet, lan ding on a scaffold and then bounced and fell another nine feet. The employee was hospitalized for fractures to the lower back.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on March 3, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a foods supplier, was o perating an electric pallet jack.  He was backing up when he tried to stop by li fting the control handle.  The handle became stuck on the bottom of a stacked pa llet that was approximately 4 feet high.  Employee #1's right little finger beca me caught between the pallet jack control handle and the bottom of the stacked p allet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital.  He was treated for the partial amputation of his finger and then disch arged.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, wa s working at the construction site for a new two-story residential structure.  H e was standing on top of the first floor framing and unstrapping a bundle of tru sses when the trusses slipped.  As the trusses began to fall, they caught Employ ee #1's foot, and he fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for a knee injury.
electrocution_fatal	On September 8, 2009, Employee #1 collapsed while demolishing a wall with hand tools. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 4, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was performing a job site cleanup at the construction site for a new two-stor y residential structure.  He was on the roof and recovering tools when he fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  The employee's neck and back were fractured on impact .  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 9:39 a.m. on June 5, 2020, an employee was placing several sheets of oriented strand boards (OSB) on a temporary OSB stand. At some point, the stand collapse d and the sheets of OSB fell onto the employee and knocked the employee off the roof. After the employee struck the ground, the falling sheets of OSB then lande d on top of the employee. The employee was killed by injuries received in the fa ll and by the falling objects striking the employee.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 17, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer project, the construction of a five-story commer cial building.  He was working from a ladder on the roof and drilling holes in p lywood for the installation of a concrete form.  Employee #1 overreached from th e ladder and fell, a fall height of 55 feet.  He was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On February 07, 2014, Employee #1, a truck lift operator, was driving a Raymond lift truck. The employee also operated a stand-up-reach forklift truck in the warehouse. Employee #1 was driving the lift truck through the cross aisle in reverse mode. At the cross aisle a pallet was stored on the floor and the flooring was wet due to recent rains. As he turned at the cross aisle, he drove through a puddle of water causing the forklift to skid, crashing into another parked forklift. The employee had placed his left foot slightly outside onto the grated floor, causing his left ankle was pinched between the two lift trucks. Employee #1 was transported to Los Angeles County USC Medical center, where he was treated for a fracture to his left ankle and was hospitalization for approximately eight days.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 12, 2018, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2 were worki ng inside a water separation storage tank as part of a multiemployer constructio n project.  Employee #1 was holding an extension ladder for Coworker #1.  They w ere assigned to tighten bolts to join the sections of D.C. Style Sandfilter SWM# 2.  Coworker #2, instructed to assist Employee #1 and Coworker #1, began climbin g down the extension ladder.  The extension ladder kicked out at its base, and C oworker #2 and the ladder fell, a fall height of 12.8 feet, and struck Employee #1.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was ad mitted and treated for compound fractures of his left leg's tibia and fibula.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 27, 2022, an employee conducted roofing operations and a t some point walked to another section of roof with a plywood surface. While wal king, the employee slipped on the plywood and fell approximately seventeen feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat blunt force trauma that resulted in frac tures to the spine and both hands.
struck_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on February 7, 2019, an employee was moving an elevated platform i nto position to start work when a semi-trailer drove past and caused the platfor m to swing.  The employee lost his balance and fell, striking his head against t he concrete walkway.  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:40 a.m. on October 6, 2021, an employee was assisting a coworker in unloadi ng two stacked generators. A generator fell and struck the employee, pushing him off the end of trailer.  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on March 1, 2016, an employee was operating a bulldo zer to level a ground surface. The employee fell off bulldozer, and was struck b y the bulldozer. The bulldozer kept on going and the employee died of internal i njuries.
electrocution_fatal	Three workers were completing the installation of a solar water-heating system on the roof of a three-story apartment building. They were working from a scaffold that was 9.1 meters high. A 4,800-volt overhead power line was located approximately 2 meters away. As one of the workers was raising a 6.1-meter length of unistrut material to the roof, he contacted the power line. He received an electric shock and fell to the concrete. He was hospitalized with electrical burns, multiple fractures, and head injuries. He was removed from life support the day after the accident and died.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 23, 2018, an employee was moving roofing material from o ne place to another on an elevated flat roof using an ATV with a trailer hitch w hen he drove off of the roof.  The employee was ejected from the ATV and fell ap proximately 40 feet before landing on the pavement.  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	Addressing the requirements to tie down the cargo with the forklift operator and the spotter  At 4:00 a.m. on May 20, 2014, a truck driver/employee and spotter were within 2 to 3 feet of the forklift as it started and moved forward.  The sp otter and truck driver walked backwards and the driver was too close to the oper ating equipment when his right leg was struck by the rear left tire. The fork li ft then pulled him to the ground and it ran over his foot/ankle and his right le g and hip. The tire tread broke his right foot and ankle, pulled his jeans down past his hips, crushed his pelvis and cut a large hole into his right abdomen. The employee had road rash from the forklift tire pulling him along the graveled yard. The employee died from the injuries at the hospital.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 24, 2006, Employee #1 sustained a mild shock from electrical equipment. He refused medical treatment at the time, even though it was offered. After one week on the job, Employee #1 quit. He did seek medical treatment about two months after the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on April 4, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was e ngaged in roofing activities at a one-story residential structure.  The employee fell.  He was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated fo r multiple fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on December 8, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roo fing company, were replacing the gutters at a mobile park residence.  Employee # 1, the foreman, had climbed up an extension ladder and was kneeling at the edge of the roof while attempting to remove the old gutters.  He was struggling to re move the gutter's stripped screws when the gutter suddenly released.  Employee # 1 lost his balance and fell from the roof, a fall height of 10.5 feet.  He struc k his head on the concrete surface.  The coworker attempted to aid Employee #1, who was lying on the ground.  Emergency services arrived and transported Employe e #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a blunt force trauma tic injury to the head.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 27, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in stacking metal bars .  A metal bar rolled off the stack and crushed/lacerated the employee's right m iddle finger.   The employee required medical treatment for this injury but was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:50 a.m. on August 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a job site, a one-story residential building.  In preparation for plaster coating an exterior 15-foot wall, he was taping a top portion of the wall.  He was working from a 6-foot stepladder placed on the platform of a 6-fo ot high scaffold.  The stepladder, in its folded position, was leaning against t he wall and placed on two unsecured, loose scaffold planks.  The wood planks shi fted, and the ladder fell.  Employee #1 fell onto a concrete/tiled floor, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was treated for multiple rib fractures a nd abdominal trauma.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for 5 days.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 p.m. on January 16, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contra ctor, was working at a multiemployer building construction site.  He was plaster ing a wall while standing on a 12 foot stepladder that was placed on top of an a ir conditioning handling unit.  Employee #1 fell off the ladder, a fall height o f 18.5 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for lacerations to the head, a fract ured right hand and fingers, a fractured left ankle, and three fractured spinal vertebrae.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for 9 days, during which time he underw ent ankle surgery and hand surgery.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on July 5, 2020, an employee was driving an industrial truck when t he truck tipped over while making a turn. The employee was ejected through the s ide window landing on his shoulder. The employee incured a fracture to his shoul der and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 25, 2018, an employee was laying a tarp over some roofin g insulation on a roof. As the employee walked backwards to lay the tarp, he ste pped off of the roof and fell eleven feet. The employee was hospitalized with fr actures to his ribs and back and a ruptured spleen.
struck_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on February 27, 2020, an employee was welding on a set of fabricate d steel stairs and was struck in the head by them.  The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on May 10, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a masonry contractor, was working from a scaffold at the site of a new commercial building.  He removed t he scaffold's guardrails and toeboards to unload masonry material and then, afte r replacing the guardrails but not the toeboards, he began mixing mortar in a mo rtar pan.  As he worked, the employee stepped back, lost balance, and his feet s lipped under the guardrail.  He fell at least 20 feet, striking the scaffold dec king/planking as he fell.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admi tted for treatment of a 5 percent collapsed lung, fractured vertebrae, and bleed ing from the skull.
fall_nonfatal	On September 21, 2013, Employee #1, an electrical technician employed by OC Communications, Inc., was engaged in power line work. To access a Comcast cable, he climbed a Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E) utility pole by using a combination extension ladder and the existing pegs in the pole. While hooking his body harness, he lost his grip and fell approximately 25 feet, landing on the asphalt road below. Emergency services were called. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fractured vertebrae and multiple hip bruises.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on March 21, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker were dispatched to a residential home that had been damaged by fire. The employees arrived at the sit e and began cutting four foot by eight foot plywood sections to board up the win dows of the home. The work began on the south side of the house and the employee s were working their way around to the east side. The coworker cut the plywood w hile Employee #1 used an eight foot Werner fiberglass folding ladder to access t he windows. The ground in front of the first window was on a slope. Employee #1 tried to lift a piece of the plywood into place, but the ladder kicked out, and he fell to the concrete slab below. The employee sustained a two inch laceration to his head, and his left shoulder was fractured in four places. Employee #1 wa s hospitalized and received a total shoulder replacement.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on May 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services co ntractor, was working on the second floor of a commercial building.  He was doin g electrical wiring work.  As he tested a conduit wire in preparation for shavin g it and putting a wire nut on it, and the conduit wire became energized.  The w ire was operating at 277 volts, single phase.  Employee #1 sustained an electric al shock and burns to his left arm and the palm of his left hand.  Emergency ser vices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admi tted and treated for electrical burns to his left arm and hand.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in exterior carpentry at a building construction project.  He was leaning against a second-floor wood guardrail when the guardrail pulled away fr om the building and collapsed.  Employee #1 fell 11 feet.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a back injury and multiple fractures to both lower legs, ankles, an d feet.  The subsequent investigation determined that the guardrail had not been properly installed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:15 a.m. on March 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in interior carpentry work during the rehabilitation of a commercial building.  He was working from the roof trusses and installing bracing when a 2 by 4 piece of lumber broke, causing the employee to fall.  The employee fell 21 feet and struck the concrete floor.  Emergency services transported the employe e to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for injuries that included a fractured femur (thighbone).
struck_fatal	At 9:00 am on August 7, 2020, an independent contractor and employees of a civil engineering company, were working on a construction project at the site of a wa ter purification plant.  They were working inside of a 30-foot excavation and us ing a sleeve to join sections of a 108-inch diameter pipe they were installing. The independent contractor, who was hired periodically by the company for weldin g, had just finished welding a high beam onto the end of a pipe section so that an excavator could maneuver the pipe into the sleeve.  As the independent contra ctor and an employee was standing near the high beam, the weld on the beam broke .  The beam fell, striking the independent contractor.  The independent contract or was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 12:15 p.m. on September 17, 2003, an employee was preparing to weld using a Linde MIG 35 Wire Feed welder, type Linde 450, Serial No. 085J-48639. The employee was going to use a Crouse-Hinds extension cord, Model Number M54, to supply power to the welder. The extension cord was already connected to the power source when the employee went to plug in the welder. When he connected the cords, the employee was shocked. The employee continued to receive a shock until the circuit breaker tripped and the employee was able to release the cords. The employee reports that after the shock, he went to look for help. Coworkers in the work area called for emergency services. The employee was taken to Antelope Valley Hospital where he was treated and released. The next day, on September 18, 2003, the injured employee went to and was hospitalized at Sherman Oaks hospital where he had surgery. There is conflicting information as to the condition of the electrical extension cord at the time of the accident. The employer's representatives and the first responders to the accident site report that the safety cowl, around the female end, was missing and that the plug was oriented and connected to the welder's cord, the male end, incorrectly. The cowl is a collar of metal on the end of the extension cord which when on, allows the cord to only be oriented and connected correctly to the equipment cord. During the interview with the employee, he reported that he was confident that the collar was on and that he recalled lining up the notched welder cord end with the groove on the extension cord end making sure to connect it correctly. An inspection of the extension cord concluded that the accident was apparently caused by a misalignment of the male and female ends of the plugs which caused the system to short out.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on August 19, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a water and sewer pipe line construction company, was performing traffic control along the side of a ro ad where his coworkers were working.  The employee was run over by the back righ t wheel of a front end loader.  He sustained multiple fractures and crushing inj uries and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a roadway bridge construction site.  He was operating a Skils aw power saw and cutting 2 by 4 wood pieces for use in forming.  As Employee #1 held a piece of wood, he lost control of the saw, and the saw blade made contact with his left index finger and left thumb.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for t he partial amputation of his index finger and a laceration to his thumb.
electrocution_fatal	On October 14, 2008, Employee #1, a welder, was operating an aerial lift at the Citgo terminal in Louisville, Kentucky. While positioning the lift for work on a tank Number 10, Employee #1 apparently contacted a 161-kv electric transmission line, and was electrocuted. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at 2:50 p.m. on October 14, 2008.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a residential construction site.  He was standing on wood forms and pouring concrete when he fell and landed on a metal rebar stake that was hol ding a wood form in place.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a puncture wound t o the buttocks.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 12:20 p.m. on December 16, 2009, Employee #1 was directing the driver of a tractor trailer truck as the trailer was being backed up to the loading dock. Employee #1 was located at the rear of the driver's side of the trailer and immediately adjacent to it. While the vehicle was in motion, Employee #1 quickly reached out to push the driver's side cargo door flush with the side of the trailer. His right pinky finger was caught between the cargo door and a concrete bollard. He sustained an amputation of his right pinky finger and part of his right thumb, and was hospitalized for his injuries. The tractor trailer truck was owned and operated by Marvin Windows.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on July 17, 2014, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were br ick pointing on a residential structure. They were working off of a ladder jack scaffold approximately 20 high. Employee #1 was standing performing the pointing process while Employee #2 sat on the platform, creating a counter balance.  One of the two ladders' feet kicked out causing the ladder jack scaffold to collaps e. Employee #1 and Employee #2 fell and died of blunt force trauma to their head s
fall_fatal	At 6:30 a.m. on June 1, 2020, an employee was working to receive trusses and at some point fell approximately twelve and a half feet through a hole. The employe e was killed by the unspecified injuries sustained.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:01 p.. on June 14, 2018, an employee was using a gasoline chainsaw while c learing the brush for fire protection when he was struck when it kicked back.  T he employee lacerated his right leg and foot, damaging tendons.  The employee as hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. an employee was checking fuses inside an electrical panel box. The employee was struck by an arc flash. The employee was hospitalized to treat burn s to the hands and face.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 7, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a mec hanical services company, were installing equipment for a heating and air condit ioning system.  They were lifting a 12-inch diameter, 10 foot long section of pi pe that weighed approximately 400 pounds.  The pipe rolled off its mount, pinchi ng and amputating the tips of two fingers on Employee #1's right hand.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the fingertip amputations.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 6:30 p.m. on August 28, 2008, an employee, a sign installer, sustained electrocution when he was connecting 120 VAC, 20A, energized power line to the primaries of 15 KV and 7.5 KV transformers for the neon signs at Frostee Fruitees restaurant, located in Palm Desert city, California. The employee was located in a tight space, 16-in. wide attic-bay, and was in contact with grounded metal conduits on the side of the transformers. As he attempted to strip the black energized wire, power source side, with a stripper to remove the insulation to connect the primaries, he experienced a severe electric shock and was electrocuted. The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on August 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete constructio n company, was pouring concrete for a new residential structure.  The pump truck boom contacted an overhead power line, and an electric arc occurred, injuring t he employee.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for trea tment of electric shock and electrical burns.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on July 1, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in the construction of a building at a farm.  He was working from th e roof's wood trusses and installing 2 by 4 wood purlins when he fell, a fall he ight of 20 to 22 feet, and struck the concrete floor.  Employee #1 was not using any form of fall protection.  He was transported to the hospital, where he bega n receiving treatment for head and back  injuries.  Employee #1 died at the hosp ital.
fall_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on January 11, 2022, an employee worked on a roof, at some point fe ll approximately twenty-five feet and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 16, 2020, an employee was prepping the ship hatch for pa inting. The employee handed a coworker an air wand/nozzle to clean the hatch for painting. As the coworker grabbed the air wand, he pulled the hose in order to get slack in the line. As the hose was pulled, it caused the hatch to close. Whi le the hatch was closing, the employee, who was standing behind the hatch, tried to hold the hatch open with his left hand. As the hatch closed, it pinched the employee's fingers between the hatch and the frame. The employee suffered a smal l amputation on the middle finger of the left hand. The ring finger suffered a d eep laceration.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:25 p.m. on August 14, 2020, an employee was tasked to repair a leak on an a luminum tanker truck that previously hauled gasoline and diesel fuel. The tanker had a 700 gallon gasoline tank and a 3,000 gallon diesel tank. The leak occurre d in the dead air space cavity between the two tanks. The truck was pre-cleaned and had just been delivered to the shop from a third party steaming service. The employee opened up the manhole covers and determined that the dead air space ha d a strong smell of fuel vapors. The employer directed the employee to resteam t he tanks and dead air space with the shop's steaming system. The employee perfor med steaming in the tanks and brought the tanker back into the building. The emp loyee pressurized the dead air space with compressed air and soaped down the fro nt head of the rear tank to identify the leak location. The employee removed a s upport pad with a grinding wheel to access a cracked weld. The employee prepared the cracked area with the grinder and began to perform welding over the cracked area when an explosion occurred within the dead air space cavity. The force fro m the explosion caused the front head of the rear tank to blow out toward the em ployee. The employee was propelled to the back of the tank and was rendered unco nscious. A coworker called 911 and the fire department had to cut a hole in the side of the tank to extract the employee. The employee was hospitalized for over two months to treat traumatic brain injuries, multiple broken ribs, a broken ri ght clavicle, lacerations and bruising.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was conducting testing of electrical wiring at a multiemployer constru ction project, a 28-story commercial building.  Employee #1 sustained an electri c shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated.  It was determined that lockout/ta gout procedures were not being utilized when Employee #1 was shocked.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on January 15, 2005, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was installing a new power panel during the remodeling of a unit at a strip mall. He was putting in a mechanical lug on a busbar, above the main breaker on the load side. The breaker was turned off, but the incoming busbars below the breaker were energized with 480-volt, three-phase power. Employee #1 was standing on a 13 in. tall by 16 in. diameter empty wooden cable spool to reach the lug location. As he tightened the lug, he dropped the ratchet and socket wrench, which landed between the metal dead front on the panel and a live incoming busbar below the main breaker. This caused a short circuit and arc flash. Employee #1 sustained burns to his stomach, face, and hands. The burns to his hands required hospitalization for skin grafts.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:31 a.m. on September 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing repair work at a multifamily residential building.  He wa s working from a metal extension ladder and installing a metal flashing to the b uilding.  The ladder was placed on tiled stairs leading to the building's front door.  The ladder kicked out, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  E mergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for a fractured left wrist.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 19, 2017, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a constructi on company, was part of a crew setting wooden forms for a two-story building's 2 5-foot tall concrete column.  As Employee #1 was climbing down from the top of t he wooden form, which was not supported/braced, the form started to fall toward the second floor concrete deck. The form came to rest on top of the decking, pin ning Employee #1 between the decking and the form.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for a crushed pelvis and crushed legs.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on March 11, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was initiating reroofing work on the roof of a one-story warehouse.  He fell t hrough a skylight, a fall height of 25 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 1, 2019, Employee #1 was pressure washing the exterior o f a tractor trailer, using a 9 foot 10 inch mobile ladder stand. His employer ma nufactured their own mobile ladder stand platform. The wheel casters on the plat form were not capable of locking. The guard rail system of the stand was missing the mid rail and the stairway hand rails were only on one side of the platform. Employee #1 set down the pressure washing gun and climbed down the ladder stand . As he descended, he fell, striking his head on the concrete, killing him. Ther e were no eye witnesses to the fall.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on April 18, 2017, an employee was working in an aerial lift basket .  The employee moved the basked toward the roof and was pinned between the roof and the control in the basket.  The employee was crushed and killed onsite.
caught_fatal	At 11:04 p.m. on December 3, 2021, a resident called 911 to report a structure f ire in a garage. The Fire Department arrived on the scene at 11:18 p.m. The fire spread to the home and offensive firefighting measures were employed as firefig hters concentrated on removing the ceiling. The employee and Coworker #1 teamed up and entered the living room and began to pull the ceiling down with Coworker #2 on nozzle. They exhausted their air bottles and left to swap out bottles and be reassigned. The employee and Coworker #1 entered the building again together. Coworker #2 was entered to meet up with Coworker #3 and Coworker #4, who report ed low visibility due to heavy smoke. Coworker #1 entered the first bedroom and started to pull the ceiling while the employee went to the last bedroom on the l eft and Coworker #2 went to the bathroom to do the same. Coworker #1 and Coworke r #2 exhausted their air bottles and exited. As they exited, the ceiling trusses came down and they informed Operations Command. The employee walked into the ki tchen and spoke with Coworker #5. The employee was low on air and left the room alone. The fire entered the room and they heard a Mayday on the primary channel. They tried to determine who was calling for help and with no answer heard a sec ond Mayday with no response. The operations commander requested a Personal Accou ntability Report (PAR). No officer took credit for declaring PAR was completed; however, multiple firefighters heard "We have PAR" on the radio. Coworker #3 and Coworker #4 conducted an interior search of the 1st floor and found nothing. An other crew cut holes to access to the basement while another crew attempted to g ain access through the stairs, but the passageway was blocked. They ran low on a ir and exited. About this time,they discovered the employee missing and began to search for the downed firefighter. The employee was located in the basement and had died due to lack of oxygen and inhalation of products of combustion.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on August 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was tying off the B Phase of an overhead power line.  He sustained an electric shock and lost consciousness.  Emergency services transported the emplo yee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for injuries sustained, i ncluding a contusion to his left pectoral muscle and swelling of his right foot.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 8, 2018, an employee was operating a telescoping boom lift to scrape and paint the upper levels of a residential structure. The employee ma neuvered the boom and basket in such a way that his back came in direct contact with the primary conductor power line on the street of this residence. The emplo yee was shocked and caught on fire, dying later in the hospital.
caught_fatal	On September 27, 2008, Employee #1, working for a retaining wall company, was operating a Vermeer S600TX skid steer loader. He was driving backwards on a 16 degree slope driveway, crossed the driveway and struck a tree. He was crushed between the machine and the tree, and died.
caught_nonfatal	On April 10, 2013, Employee #1 was removing burrs from a 6 in. by 7 in. x 9 in. thick triangle piece of steel when he caught his right thumb between the metal stock and the sander. The sander essentially sanded his right thumb to the base of his finger nail. The employee was driven to a local hospital by the shop foreman, where doctors revised the fingertip and removed additional bone leaving the thumb amputated just above the distal knuckle. Employee #1 was later released.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servic es company, was installing lighting at a multiemployer construction project, a c ommercial building.  As he was working on energized wires, he sustained a shock and burns to his hands.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the electric shock and burns .
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 27, 2002 an accident occurred at Drury Lane in Lynwood, California, the site address for Bleeker Brothers. Employee #1 was working as shipping supervisor. The equipment involved in the accident was a Skill Saw, Model T18-12-400 E-52606. The company is engaged in the manufacturing of spray paint booths using the following operations: sheeting and cutting of metal, punching holes, sheet metal forming, welding using TIG and Heliarc, ducting, packing, shipping and receiving. On the day of the accident Employee #1 was cutting 1-inch by 4-inch pieces of wood off a skid or wooden pallet. Employee #1 grabbed the skill saw with one hand only, as opposed to using both hands, which is the normal procedure, and placed it on the board that he was going to cut. While starting to cut, the saw blade became jammed and kicked off the saw, coming in contact with Employee #1's right knee, causing a 4-inch laceration. After the accident, Emergency Medical Services was called. The paramedics arrived shortly after the call and Employee #1 was transported to Saint Francis Hospital where he was treated and released 2 days after he was admitted.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on October 6, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a woodworking contrac tor, was working at a multi-employer construction project, a five-story multifam ily residential structure.  He was using a 4-foot A-frame stepladder and a pneum atic nail gun to install a lapboard ceiling.  The ladder was set up next to an u nstable and unsecured table.  The employee was standing on top of the ladder and reaching out to install the boards over the table area.  The employee lost his balance and fell.  The table fell over, its top came loose,  and the employee la nded on top of one of the iron braces affixed to the table, the brace now sticki ng up in the air.  Employee #1 sustained internal injuries to his abdominal area and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on July 15, 2021, an employee worked to nail wood frame pieces. At some point, the employee fell approximately fourteen feet, struck his head, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 19, 2018, an employee was closing the door on a concrete po st form when it slipped and caught three fingers on his left hand between the do or and the floor.  The employee amputated the first joint of his index, middle, and ring fingers from his left hand.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on January 24, 2022, an employee was attempting to load a steer int o a tractor trailer.  The steer did not want to load and struck the metal gate, swinging the gate into the employee's face. The employee was hospitalized to tre at a fractured eye and face.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 pm on November 26, 2018, an employee was attaching Tyvek when a guardrai l failed and the employee fell approximately eleven feet. The employee was hospi talized for a lower leg fracture.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 11, 2018, an employee was moving inventory with a powered i ndustrial truck, Forklift GS12, Model Number 2C5000 and Serial Number AT9031293. The employee maneuvered the forklift in an unsafe manner and the forklift tippe d over. He sustained bruises on his leg and head. The employee was not hospitali zed.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 27, 2014, Employee #1 was operating a crane, connecting the crane cable to roof trusses that were located on the ground. The crane cable came in contact with an overhead high voltage power line and Employee #1 was el ectrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on July 13, 2018, an employee was working at a construction site, h elping to erect multiple steel columns. During work, one of the steel columns be ing positioned fell forward, striking the employee's back head. The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:05 a.m. on August 31, 2018, an employee was cutting wood with a hand-held grinder. While cutting, the grinder kicked back and struck the employees mouth. The employee received lacerations to mouth and gums and teeth were knocked out.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:16 p.m. on April 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing work at a university building.  He was installing the final s crews on the roof structure when he lost his footing and slid off the building, a fall height of approximately 8 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractu res to his left wrist and left hip.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:22 p.m. on January 17, 2017, an employee was replacing heat exchangers on roof top heating units. He was moving the old heat exchanger to th e edge of the roof and fell over the edge and landed on partially frozen ground. The employee suffered multiple blunt force trauma injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on January 13, 2015, an employee was signing tickets for loading a nd unloading concrete debris.  A piece of rebar was extending out from the truck . As the employee and the driver attempted to put the rebar into the back of the truck, the employee was struck in the face by it.   The employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 9, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was cutting up a Bethlehem pump jack for scrap metal.  As he climbed on the pump jack, the addition of his weight tilted the machine toward him.  He was cau ght between the pump jack and a metal fence behind him.  Employee #1's chest was crushed, and he was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On October 13, 2011, Employee #1, a truck driver, unloaded 48,261 pounds of chicken feed into three separate silos. While returning the boom back to the cradle on the container of the truck, it contacted a 14,400-volt overhead power line. Employee #1 received an electric shock and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on March 24, 2017, an employee was overseeing the loa ding of concrete jersey barriers on his low boy trailer. The employee directed t he loader operator to move the forward right end of the concrete barrier to stra ighten it out on the trailer. When the loader operator went to raise the forward right end of the barrier with forks underneath the barrier wall, the left fork tip got caught between the trailer wood and a bolt. As operator continued to rai se the end of the barrier wall it broke free and the concrete barrier weighing 5 ,000 lbs fell off the low boy and on to the employee's foot and ankle. The emplo yee was admitted to hospital for fractured ankle. However, the blood vessels did not heal, resulting in left leg amputation from below the knee on March 30, 201 7.
struck_nonfatal	On May 17, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing maintenance work at a two-st ory commercial warehouse.  He was replacing screws on the metal roof when he fel l through an unprotected/unguarded skylight, a fall height of 24 feet, and struc k a copier machine being stored in the warehouse.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to the wrist and ankle.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 9, 2015, an employee was looking at plans on a roof. T he employee fell through a 38-in. by 38-in. roof opening, which was divided into two parts by a two by four making one side of the opening 38-in. by 14-in. and the other side 38-in. by 24-in.. The employee fell 40 feet through the larger op ening and suffered from blunt force trauma. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on December 8, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roo fing company, were replacing the gutters at a mobile park residence.  Employee # 1, the foreman, had climbed up an extension ladder and was kneeling at the edge of the roof while attempting to remove the old gutters.  He was struggling to re move the gutter's stripped screws when the gutter suddenly released.  Employee # 1 lost his balance and fell from the roof, a fall height of 10.5 feet.  He struc k his head on the concrete surface.  The coworker attempted to aid Employee #1, who was lying on the ground.  Emergency services arrived and transported Employe e #1 to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a blunt force trauma tic injury to the head.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on February 6, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was operating a nail gun while working from scaffolding at a construction sit e.  A beam fell off a post and hit a 2 by 6 plank.  The plank then struck Employ ee #1's right hand, causing the nail gun he was holding in that hand to hit him in the head.  Employee #1 fell from the scaffold, landed on the ground feet firs t, and then collapsed.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a head laceration.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on January 26, 2022, two employees were standing on an economizer, approximately 4 feet off of the ground, attempting to plumb 6 tubing elements. T he employees were working on the second "B" of four identical economizers (A,B,C ,D). For the "A" economizer, the tubes were installed individually from the bott om up. At the direction of the department foreman, the assembly sequence was opt imized for the "B" economizer by building tubular elements approximately 20 feet wide by 5 feet tall by 2 feet, weighing 1,050 pounds each and installing them i nto a fixture to prevent toppling. Six elements were installed into the fixture and all were held in place with F-Clamps at the top while the bottoms were welde d in place to the header pipe. The employees were standing on top of the fixture and the elements were leaning away from them. The employees instructed a cowork er, on the ground, to remove the clamps that were holding the tops of the elemen ts in an attempt to plumb and reblock the elements manually. Employee #1 leaned two elements into the vertical position and upon leaning the third element uprig ht, all six elements toppled toward them. The employees were not tied off nor we re they required to be tied off. Notably, it had been previously assessed that a ny fall protection would have increased the risk of injury. Employee #2 was knoc ked off the fixture and fell to the ground. Employee #1 was pinned under the ele ments. Both employees were hospitalized with broken bones, broken ribs, fracture s, and a punctured lung.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on October 27, 2018, an employee was using a grinder (Dewalt, Mode l Number DW840) with a type 27A cutting wheel to grind a I-beam. The wheel shatt ered and a section struck the employee's tibia and fractured it. The employee wa s taken to a local hospital for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on August 6, 2019, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by an H VAC company, were loading copper steel pipes onto a truck bed outside the employ er's warehouse/shop area.  They were using a forklift and an 8-foot sling strap to load a 26-foot, 494-pound pipe when the strap slipped off the fork, causing t he pipe to fall and crush Employee #1's arm.  Employee #1 was transported and ad mitted to the hospital for treatment of a fractured arm.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 24, 2016, an employee was applying a waterproof membra ne over the existing metal roof on a one story warehouse building. The employee stepped onto an unprotected skylight and fell 30 feet to the concrete floor. The employee sustained severe head injuries, broken bones and died from the injurie s.
caught_nonfatal	On March 31, 2009, Employee #1 was lowering a cut limb with a rope when his thumb became caught between the rope and the base of a branch. He was hospitalized for an amputation of the thumb.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on December 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction servi ces company, was engaged in demolition work at a multiemployer construction proj ect, the renovation of a commercial building.  He entered a second floor Control led Access Zone (CAZ) to obtain a wood plank.  The CAZ measured approximately 21 by 19 feet and had an opening of approximately 11 by 14 feet.  Employee #1 fell through the opening to the first level, striking a scaffold as he fell, a fall height of approximately 17 feet.  He was transported to the hospital, where he d ied nine days later.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 23, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working on the flat roof of a one-story residential structure.  He was installi ng ISO Boards when he stepped on a board that extended 1.5 feet beyond the edge of the roof.  The employee fell and struck the concrete ground floor.   The empl oyee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a f ractured elbow and contusions to his neck, knee, and back.
struck_fatal	On January 20, 2019, an employee was crushed by a tree that had been cut down an d was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 14, 2015, Employee #1 was repairing and replacing the fl at cover and conical cover of a gravity water tank at a multi-family residential building.  He fell from the conical cover of the tank to the roof, a fall heigh t of 35 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a spinal fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:55 a.m. on June 4, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing work at a two- story multifamily structure.  The employee fell and struck against the surface d eck.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a fractur ed leg.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on July 31, 2018, Employee #1 was in a hopper welding in a new line r, using a Miller (model number: 250X; serial number: LA113836) welding machine. While the machine was still energized, Employee #1 decided to take a break. He removed his gloves, welding helmet, and proceeded to climb out of the hopper. As Employee #1 placed one hand on the lip of the hopper and another on the top of the welder, he was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 05, 2008, Employee #1, of John Lee Westbrook Painting and Decorating in Lucerne Valley, CA, a company that performs interior painting and the minor repairs to support that task, was working at a jobsite in Los Angeles, CA doing interior remodeling of an old apartment building. Employee #1 was using a hand-held power saw to cut a piece of trim molding on a door. He had used a wood chip to hold back the blade guard. As he moved the saw forward he hit his thumb. He was hospitalized. The damage to his thumb was extensive and it had to be amputated.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:22 a.m. on December 20, 2018, Employee #1 was removing a trailer jack from under the front of a semi-trailer when a truck driver backed up and hit the empl oyee. The employee was transported via ambulance to the hospital and released. H e later returned to the hospital with pain. It was discovered that he had two br oken ribs and was admitted at that time.
electrocution_fatal	An employee made contact with a fuse riser that was energized by device T-7, which was closed instead of open. He and his coworkers were unaware that the fuse riser was energized at 4,800 volts. It was being fed inversely from bottom to top and not from the primary elctric line. The employee was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 p.m. on November 19, 2019, an employee leaned a two inch by twelve inch by 16 foot board against a balcony. When the employee turned to walk away, the board fell over and struck the employee on the back of the head. The employee re ceived a laceration to the head and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:36 p.m. on September 2, 2003, Employee #1, of Construction Technologies in Sacramento, CA, was opening an electrical panel to get the identification numbers from the breakers. He was removing the panel cover when it contacted a conductor, causing an electric arc. Employee #1 sustained severe burns to his right hand and arm, and was hospitalized for four days. Subsequent investigation found that the conductor was loose and improperly installed. It was too large to fit in the breaker's connection slot and was also improperly trimmed, leaving frayed strands exposed. When the breaker panel was removed, it contacted the energized conductor.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:50 p.m. on June 14, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a one-story commercial building project.  He was removing exterio r plywood by using a Burke Bar when he caught his left index finger between the bar and the plywood, causing a finger laceration.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment that included required surgery.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on July 18, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a communications company , was engaged in transferring cable lines from overhead to underground.  He was descending a ladder into a 7-foot deep electrical vault when the ladder slid.  E mployee #1 fell to the vault's concrete floor.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated fo r a fracture to his lower left leg.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 3, 2018, an employee was installing shingles on a slop ed roof and was approximately 18 feet above the deck.  The employee was working along on the rear of the residence and a coworker heard the employee fall and la nding on the deck.  The employee suffered head trauma and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on April 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was w orking at a multiemployer construction project, a one-story commercial building. He was on the roof and picking up debris.  Employee #1 stepped on a piece of p lywood that was covering a hole in the roof's surface.  The plywood tipped, and he fell through the hole, a fall height of approximately 13 feet.  Emergency ser vices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, an d treated for a fractured arm.
electrocution_fatal	On October 15, 2002, Employee #1 and a coworker were leveling an excavation to the top of a concrete-encased duct-bank. The duct-bank was below ground and had been almost uncovered, and only a thin covering of dirt had been left on top of it. Employee #1 was using a two-handed chipping hammer with a 12 in. drill bit to knock off some concrete from the exterior of the duct-bank when the steel bit penetrated the concrete casing and contacted the 15-kilovolt circuit inside of it. He was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction com pany, was removing metal roofing from a manufacturing plant.  He fell through th e roof, a fall height of 15 to 20 feet.  Emergency services transported the empl oyee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractures to his lef t arm, wrist, and pelvis.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 p.m. on August 2, 2016, a worker was working from a ladder to repair an overhead door when the door's spring shaft fell and stuck the ladder.  The worke r was knocked from the ladder and struck  his head on the ground.  He suffered a skull fracture that resulted in his death.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 8, 2015, Employee #1 was standing on the exterior side of a dumpster, positioning a couch in the dumpster when a coworker threw a part of a ceramic toilet bowl out of a third story window. The debris struck Employe e #1 in the head causing blunt force trauma.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 7:10 p.m. on May 7, 2020, Employee # 1 was driving a Chevrolet pickup truck s outhbound. He was struck by a commercial motor vehicle that was loaded with pota toes. The commercial vehicle had lost control, crossed into the southbound lane, and rolled onto the driver's side. At this point, the commercial vehicle collid ed with Employee # 1's truck. Employee # 1 was killed. The employer representati ve reported that evidence suggests that Employee # 1 was wearing his seatbelt at the time of the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 28, 2017, an employee was working for a firm engaged i n commercial and institutional building construction. He was plastering a wall a nd was being moved on a rolling scaffold. As that occurred, he may have become e ntangled with overhead wires with a hand tool. He fell off the rolling scaffold, and he sustained head trauma. He was hospitalized for his head injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on April 23, 2018, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by a ho me builder, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a residential building.  They were carrying a granite slab into the building when Employee #1 tripped on a piece of scaffolding on the garage floor.  As Employee #1 fell, the granite fell onto and punctured his forearm.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration with tendon and nerve damage.
electrocution_fatal	On June 17, 2005, Employee #1, a utility lineman, responded to a downed utility pole. When he stepped out of his truck to meet other workers, he slipped on wet grass and slid down a slope. He contacted a high voltage power line and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On September 19, 2002, Employee #1 was reroofing the top of a three-story apartment building when he was struck by lightning. He fell to the ground and died. Employee #1 was not using any form of fall protection.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was worki ng at a job site, a home being re-roofed.  He climbed an extension ladder, stepp ed onto the roof, and in so doing stepped on a rope being used for fall protecti on.  The rope rolled out from under his foot, and he fell backwards.  He landed on a piece of new metal flashing, and his arm struck the sharp metal.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a cut to the wrist that required surgery.
electrocution_fatal	On April 6, 2006, Employee #1 was removing metal pipe from a crawl space underneath a house. A coworker, who was stationed in the backyard outside the crawl space, said that he had not heard from Employee #1 in a while. Another person employed by the homeowner went to the opening of the crawl space and called to Employee #1, but received no response. He then entered the crawl space and observed Employee #1 lying face down on an electric light that was used to illuminate the crawl space. When he tried to shake Employee #1, he received an electric shock. He shouted for the homeowner to unplug the light, and he then pulled Employee #1 out of the crawl space. Emergency Services responded and tried to revive Employee #1. Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on June 18, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working in a trench being dug as part of a water and sewer treatment plant c onstruction project.  A bucket was being attached to an excavator.  During this process, the bucket fell, rolled down the trench, and struck the employee.  The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 23, 2019, an employee was directing trailer movement when he tried to jump on a moving toter tractor in the second yard while the operator w as in the process of making a turn to park a manufactured home. The employee fel l and was struck and run over by the rear tire of the tractor injuring the left side of his body. The employee was hospitalized with a fractured left leg.
caught_nonfatal	At 02:00 a.m. on May 03, 2019, an employee was cleaning a duffel roll on a Garne tt machine with a drill and wire brush. The employee was wearing gloves when usi ng the power drill and the roll gained energy and was spinning.  The teeth on th e duffel roll caught the employee's glove and became entangled in it.  The emplo yee's left hand got in the pinch point between the duffel roll and the comb, a m etal bar, injuring the employee's finger. The employee was treated at the hospit al, where the physician amputated the finger.
caught_fatal	On July 7, 2010, a 61-yr-old male welder was working on a new piece of farming machinery. To better access the equipment, he vertically repositioned it on its side; welding an additional steel support rod to the floor for stability. However, the support welds failed, and the heavy equipment fell over, crushing the employee between machinery and concrete floor, resulting in his death.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on November 14, 2017, an employee and a coworker were discussing wo rk tasks.  The employee was on a stand up powered industrial vehicle and the cow orker was on a sit down powered industrial vehicle. When finished talking, they both started to travel, colliding with each other.  The employee's ankle was cau ght between the two vehicles, injuring the tendons in his ankle.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 2, 2018, an employee was walking alongside the right s ide of a Nissan Forklift with a suspended load guiding the load by hand while a coworker drove the forklift. The coworker was transporting the load around wareh ouse racks when he made a quick turn to the left heading toward a loading bay. A s the employee guided the load, his left heel was struck by the right front whee l of the forklift causing foot fractures and the dislocation of his toes, result ing in hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 22, 2017, an employee was assisting in moving a storag e rack using a fork lift.  A storage rack fell and landed on the employee's leg, resulting in a fracture of the left tibia. The employee required surgery and wa s hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on June 22, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in a residential remodel. He was working from a 4-foot portable ladder and using hand tools to demolish the stucco and interior drywall in the bathroom.  As he pulled backward to remov e ceiling material, he lost his balance and fell backward, striking his head on a bathtub next to the ladder.  He sustained a severe spinal cord injury that res ulted in paralysis.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted f or treatment.
electrocution_fatal	On May 22, 2002, Employee #1 was cutting a "jumper" between two energized lines. After cutting the line, he contacted the loose end of the line and was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on March 2, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing construction c ontractor, was working at a commercial building site.  He was using stilts and e ngaged in interior carpentry work when he tripped and fell.  His left hand caugh t on metal studs and was lacerated.  The employee was transported to the hospita l, where he was admitted for treatment that required surgery to the injured hand .
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on February 20, 2019, an employee was walking across a suspended ceiling troubleshooting a pipe for a water leak. The employee fell t hrough the suspended ceiling to the lower level.  The employee suffered a fractu re to the neck and wrist. The employee was hospitalized for these injuries.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 20, 2016, Employee #1 was installing tar paper on a res idential roof. The employee fell 34 feet from a section of the roof and was kill ed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on August 17, 2012, Employee #1 and a coworker were working using a portable electric circular Skilsaw (Model Number SHD 77-15 amps). Employee #1 was making plywood cleats 4 in. by 6 in. by 3 in. for removable handrails to block elevator openings. The employee was using the Skilsaw to cut the center out of the plywood cleat to generate a trough by making two 3.5 in. vertical cuts about 1.5 in. apart. He made a final horizontal cut across the bottom of the end so the 4 in. by 6 in. plywood cleat can accommodate mid or top rails in the open slot. Employee #1 was holding the plywood cleat with his left hand while operating the Skilsaw with his right hand. The saw got bound in the plywood while performing a plunge cut on the horizontal portion of the trough, and as Employee #1 was pulling the saw out of the cut before letting the blade come to a complete stop, the saw kicked back causing the moving saw blade to land on the employee's left wrist and thumb area. Employee #1 was taken immediately to Sharp Rees Stealy clinic, and later transported by a coworker to Scripps Mercy Hospital. Employee #1 remained in the hospital for seven days, received two surgeries, and administered pain medication and antibiotics during his stay in the hospital.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:07 a.m. on January 6, 2022, an employee operated a scissor lift while paint ing a new store under construction. At some point, the employee raised the lift so that the employee struck a ceiling mounted sprinkler and received an unspecif ied injury.  The employee was treated without hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 p.m. on August 18, 2019, an employee was making a delivery at a grocery store when he fell off of the liftgate.  The employee struck his against the gro und and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On September 26, 2011, Employee #1 a tractor driver with a wine making company, was loading grapes into a truck. His finger became caught in a pinch point between a front loader's forks and a gondola. Employee #1 was hospitalized for a partial amputation of his left middle finger.
fall_fatal	At 2:04 p.m. on October 4, 2015, an employee and a coworker were removing metal decking material, uncovering a hole opening on a roof. The employee and the cowo rker were in the process of standing up, lifting the decking material, one perso n on each end. As the co-worker turned his head toward a warning flag, he felt t he decking change direction. At that time the employee on the other end had fall en through the 3 ft by 3 ft hole in the roof, landing on a cement floor.  The em ployee was killed from injuries sustained in the 30 ft fall.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 a.m. on May 24, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker who was his supervisor, both employed by a roofing company, were installing a panelized roofing system for a new concrete tilt up commercial building.  Employee #1 was positioned on t he section of panelized roof being installed and using a portable welding unit t o secure the panel structure to the building.  His coworker was operating a roug h terrain forklift that was lifting roof panels into place.  The forklift struck the panel structure, causing it to vibrate and fall.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 43 feet, and struck the concrete floor.  He was killed in the fall.  T he subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1 had been wearing a fall protection harness and lanyard, but the lanyard had not been attached to an anch or point on the roof system.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a building renovati ons company, was working in a five-story apartment building.  As he was climbing a scaffold in the bedroom of an apartment, he fell, a fall height of approximat ely 3 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured arm and a possible sh attered elbow.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 1, 2020, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was troubleshooting a set of bollard lights, some of which were not wor king.  While attempting to determine the problem, he was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on April 28, 2014, Employee #1 was in a scissor lift installing insulation panels. He fell out of the lift and died.
struck_nonfatal	On January 15, 2020, an employee was tack welding steel on the top of a metal ca rgo container when the structural steel wall panel came off the three tac welds. The panel fell approximately 8 feet from the top of the  container and the wind ow struck the employee working beneath. The employee fractured his skull and inc ured head lacerations, requiring hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on September 14, 2016, an employee was repairing a truss that appea red to be set crooked. While repairing the truss the employee lost his footing a nd fell off the roof onto the concrete floor. The employee was killed from a hea d contusion.
struck_fatal	At 6:54 a.m. on October 23, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a highway constructio n company, was performing traffic control along a divided highway while it was d ark.  He was stopping traffic to allow dump trucks to back into the job site.  A motor vehicle struck Employee #1, who sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 13, 2021, an employee was riding on back of a golf cart .  The employee fell off of the golf cart and struck his head against the ground .  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	On April 20, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection company, was workin g at the site of a new four-story commercial building.  He was setting up materi als after a work break.  After providing materials to a coworker on an elevated work platform, Employee #1 moved back toward a floor opening where his fall prot ection was located.  He tripped into the floor opening and fell, a fall height o f  22 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was working from the bucket of an articulating-boom aerial lift, connecting a 120/240-volt service line to an overhead secondary line above him. A coworker on the ground noticed that the power line worker was unresponsive, and he lowered the bucket to the ground. Emergency medical services transported the injured employee to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead. (The original form stated that the employee suffered a cardiac arrest, but did not indicate whether it was caused by an electric shock.)
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 24, 2017, Employee #1, a trucker employed by a crane compan y, was unstrapping a load at a job site.  The load shifted and struck Employee # 1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal.  He was admitted and treated for fractures of his arm and shoulder.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on September 7, 2018, an employee was working with live electrical wires and was caught when there was an arc flash, leaving him with second degree burns to his neck and face.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 29, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was pulling fuses and demolishing electrical equipment.  His right hand came i n contact with an energized 240-277 volt leg of a 480 volt power feed.  The empl oyee sustained an electric shock and an associated laceration to the back of the hand.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for his injuri es.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on August 24, 2018, Employee #1 was handling rebar material, using a crane. The crane placed the bundle of rebar onto the staging area and removed the straps from the bundle. When the rebar was set onto the staging area, the e mployee's hand was resting on another piece of rebar and his fingertip became pi nned between the two pieces. The employee sustained a fingertip amputation.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on August 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contract or, was engaged in power line transmission work at a multiemployer job site.  He had been working from a bucket lift attached to a boom truck.  Employee #1 lowe red the bucket lift to its resting position on the back of the truck and exited the bucket.  As he climbed down, he slipped and fell from the truck, a fall heig ht of 8 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for neck injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was operating an aerial lift at a commercial construction site.  He was tied off in the lift basket and driving the lift up a wooden ramp fabricated on-site wit h 2 by 8 wooden boards and 2 feet high.  The front wheels of the aerial lift fel l off the ramp, causing Employee #1 to be thrown around inside the basket.  Emer gency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted a nd treated for injuries that included multiple rib fractures and a fractured low er back.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 13, 2018, an employee was riding on the forks of a JL G Telehandler rough terrain forklift to keep transported wall panels from fallin g over while they were being moved by the forklift. As the forklift operator beg an to drive up the driveway, the forklift bounced due to a bump in the road and the wall panels began to fall over. The employee was hospitalized due to a fract ured pelvis and toe were sustained when a wall panel fell on top of him.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:17 a.m. on February 4, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a constructi on company, were assembling formwork at the site of a multiemployer construction project, a 40-story building.  A section of formwork fell and struck the employ ees.  Emergency services were called, and they were transported to the hospital, where both were admitted and treated for their injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On July 22, 2013, Employee #1, a handyman, was installing an attic exhaust fan in the attic of a private residence. He was found dead at the installation location. This incident was reported to Cal/OSHA on July 22, 2013. At the time of this report, the Orange County Coroner's Office was investigating the cause of death, which authorities assumed was either an electrocution or a cardiac arrest. Cal/OSHA was investigating to determine if Employee #1 was an independent contractor.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 22, 2015, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a cons truction company, were positioning bundled concrete supports onto a front end lo ader for transport off the job site.  Employee #1 cut the metal band holding the concrete supports tightly together in order to re-stack and re-bundle the suppo rts.  When the band released, the bundle flew apart, and a support struck Employ ee #1's leg.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a broken femur.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on June 19, 2017, Employee #1 and #2 were standing on an unsecured wooden platform that was part of a prefabricated building as two c oworkers operated forklifts nearby. The first coworker had a prefabricated woode n panel rigging to a rough terrain forklift. The second coworker was supporting the panel from underneath with a second forklift. The prefabricated wooden panel weighed approximately 1,100 pounds. As the second forklift removed the support from underneath the panel, the strap mechanism holding the panel failed. The pan el fell and struck the platform where two employees were standing. Both employee s fell and a section of the 1,100 pounds panel fell onto them. Employee #1 suffe red a brain hemorrhage and numerous fractures and was in a coma after being stru ck by the falling panel and falling from the platform. As for Employee #2, he su ffered calcaneus fractures after being struck by the falling panel and falling f rom the platform. Both employees were transported to a medical center, where the y both underwent surgical procedures and received additional treatment and were then hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:55 a.m. on June 21, 2010, an employee was working with a coworker and was positioning a 22-ft, 11-in. long tube steel horizontal brace, weighing 1,098 lbs. The tube steel was hoisted with two Tractel Tralift Chain Fall. While maneuvering the brace, employee's little finger got pinched between the horizontal steel tube and the clip of the vertical I-beam. This resulted in the laceration and crushing of the right little finger. The employee was transported to Hollywood Presbyterian hospital, treated for his injuries and was released on June 25, 2010.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 17, 2021, an employee fell approximately eleven feet fr om a ladder and was hospitalized to treat a concussion.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on January 8, 2022, an employee was loading mail onto a truck from another truck when he fell off of the lift gate onto the concrete ground. The em ployee was hospitalized to treat a fractured left knee.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 9, 2018, an employee left the cab of a CAT 980C Loader and was climbing down the ladder when he stepped onto a chock block that was lying on the ground.  The employee fell off of the chock block, twisted his left leg, and fell to the ground.  The employee fractured his leg and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 26, 2015, Employee #1, an ironworker/welder employed by a steel erection company, was involved in erecting structural steel at a multiem ployer construction site for a manufacturing plant.  She was moving construction debris from an elevated grating platform approximately 17 feet above the ground . During this clean up activity, Employee #1 lost balance or caught debris in he r clothing and fell from the platform.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  She was admitted and treated for fract ures to both legs and her left wrist, and dislocation of her left elbow.  She th en was transferred to a rehabilitation facility for further recovery.  The subse quent investigation determined that no fall protection system or device was bein g used.  The weather was approximately 20 degrees Fahrenheit with a wind chill t emperature of approximately 6 degrees Fahrenheit.  Employee #1 was working insid e the building, but no heat was available due to new construction.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:43 a.m. on November 14, 2018, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, employe d by a construction company, were attempting to install a new football goal post on a playing field.  Employee #1 was working from a ladder with his hand on the goal post.  Coworker #1 was at the end of the goal post and ensuring it was lev el.  Coworker #2 was operating a telehandler aerial lift and lifting the goal po st in an attempt to align the bolt holes.  During this process, Employee #1's le ft pinky finger became caught between the telehandler's forks and the goal post. His finger was amputated.  Employee #1 received treatment for the finger amput ation but was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 26, 2018, an employee was repairing a roof of a single-sto ry residence. As he was on the roof, an approximate height of 15.5 feet, the emp loyee fell and landed on the concrete driveway below. The employee received a br oken wrist and injured his head that resulted in hemorrhaging to the brain. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on June 27, 2017, Employee #1 was working from a step stool to scr ape popcorn from a ceiling. During work, the employee slipped and fell, striking a nearby vanity with his torso. The employee sustained fractures to his ribs, w hich he was hospitalized and received treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 23, 2022, an employee installed sheathing on the top of a structure. At some point, the employee fell approximately seventeen feet and was hospitalized to treat an unspecified fracture.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 7:30 a.m. on October 19, 2011, Employee #1, of Empire Demolition Incorporated, was working as a foreman at a demolition job site. Employee #1 and a coworker climbed up on the soffit area of a cooler box roof top (approximately 11 ft above the concrete floor) to check if any electrical conduit or plumbing pipe had to be removed before demolishing the cooler box. He started walking on the box top and began removing .050in. diameter electrical conduits (which were parallel to the soffit face), located in the north end of the box. Suddenly, the front section of the cooler box collapsed, which caused him to slip and fall down on to the concrete floor. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and treated for a right ankle fracture he sustained in the fall.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:35 a.m. on July 16, 2020, an employee had backed his concrete mixer truck under the ready mix plant so that it could be loaded with concrete. The employee exited and walked to the rear of the truck to check the alignment of the loadin g chute with the drum inlet funnel. When the employee arrived at the rear of the truck he stepped from the level walking surface onto the sloped surface under t he truck and rolled his right foot. The employee fell to the ground and was able to crawl to the front of the truck and wave to get the attention of a coworker (Batch Plant Operator). Several coworkers responded to assist the employee, who was transported by ambulance to the hospital and was admitted for treatment. The employee incurred a fractured lower right leg and required surgery.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 13, 2007, Employee #1 was on a service call. He reached into a test station cabinet and was shocked. He had not checked or verified whether the power was turned off. He was not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:18 a.m. on June 18, 2019, an employee was replacing the wear pads on the ci rcle assembly of a Cat Model 12M3 Motor Grader. The employee had removed the cir cle assembly, including the bolts which hold the turntable and moldboard (scrape r blade), when the moldboard fell on the employee causing leg fractures and requ iring hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 18, 2019, an employee worked from a steel beam conducting measurements with a tape measure. The employee fell and received fractures to th e vertebrae and sternum, and a head laceration and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 15, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in roof ing work at a residential building.  As Employee #1, working from a ladder, hand ed a 10-foot piece of aluminum flashing to his coworker on the roof, the metal c ame into contact with a 13.2 kilovolt live electrical power line.  The electric shock put Employee #1 into cardiac arrest and he was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a power line construction company, was operating a battery operated, hydraulic, crimping tool to install c lips on an underground cable inside a pad-mounted transformer.  The crimping too l was not insulated.  The crimping tool cut through a 120-volt cable, which caus ed an electric arc flash.  Employee #1 was burned in the arc flash.  Emergency s ervices transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and trea ted.  His injuries included first degree burns to his face and second degree bur ns to his left arm, hand, and fingers.
fall_nonfatal	At, 9:00 a.m. on April 26, 2017, Employee #1 was raising the height of an elevat or shaft doorway four inches on the second floor of a building under constructio n. After the header was raised, the employee had to trim a fiberglass insulation board, which had been installed onto the interior of the elevator shaft. Employ ee #1 was working from an A-frame ladder and using a utility knife to trim the i nsulation board. As the employee leaned into the inside of the elevator shaft in order to cut the back of the fiberglass insulation board, he lost his balance a nd fell over the railing into the elevator shaft and landed on the concrete floo r below. Employee #1 sustained a fractured elbow on his right arm and a fracture d heel on his right foot. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On July 9, 2008, a journeyman lineman and leader of a crew were replacing wood electric poles with new concrete electric poles. The lineman and a coworker were elevated in separate aerial lifts. The lineman was positioned between an old wood pole and a new concrete pole. The electrical lines (7,200 volts) had been covered with insulated line hoses, and the two employees were wearing insulated gloves. The energized pothead jumpers that connected the overhead power lines to the underground utilities were not covered. During the course of his work, the lineman reached into the area where the exposed energized jumpers were. His bare upper arm came into contact with an energized electrical part, and he was electrocuted. The lineman was not wearing insulated sleeves with his gloves.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 29, 2020, an employee accessed a roof to install an anch orage point in preparation for roofing work. At some point, the employee slipped and fell approximately twenty-five feet. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat orbital bone fractures.
electrocution_fatal	A plumber was repairing a water leak under a private residence, when he was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on September 1, 2017, Employee #1 was gathering materials to instal l plates and screws to secure a TPO membrane to the roof of an apartment complex under construction. In order to gather the materials, the employee, a foreman a nd a coworker traveled approximately 384 feet to the other side of the roof. The employee returned first to begin working, while the foreman and the other roofe r remained back as they continued to gather materials and equipment. When the fo reman and coworker returned to the workplace, Employee #1 was gone. They realize d that the employee had fallen over the 9 inch parapet wall, and struck the comp acted soil approximately 54 feet below. Employee #1 sustained fatal injuries and was pronounced dead upon arrival at the hospital.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on September 10, 2021, an employee worked near a LinkBelt 225 hydra ulic excavator operated by a coworker. At some point, the employee was struck, c rushed and killed by the excavator due to multiple injuries received.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a steel construction company, was working at a one-story commercial building, a concession stand.  H e was on the building's roof and dismantling the metal frame that was not in com pliance with the city's building code.  As Employee #1 attempted to descend, he fell, first striking a plumbing fixture protruding from the wall and then hittin g the concrete floor.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was trans ported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fractures to his arm and hip.
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 p.m. on July 22, 2020, an employee was working from an elevated bucket o f a utility truck to repair a damaged power pole. At some point, the employee ma de contact with unknown, energized components on the pole and was killed by elec trocution.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:55 a.m. three employees were lifting a 40 foot aluminum ladder to place it against an exterior wall of a building to gain access to the roof. The employee s lost balance of the ladder, it fell backwards striking a 7,200 V power line th at allowed electrical current to flow through the three employees, shocking two employees resulting in serious injuries and electrocuting the other employee.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on April 12, 2014, Employee #1 was dropping off an em pty wheel barrel and picking up a full one on a roof. He stepped on a weak area and fell through the roof to the concrete 30 feet below.  Employee #1 sustained severe head trauma and died later.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on September 13, 2016, an employee was rigging steel I-beam to fork lift. The forklift backed up, then moved forward and ran over the employee. The employee was killed from crushing injuries to the lower extremities.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on August 9, 2019, an employee was using a CCC work dump truck and was lining the front end when the loader's bucket dropped and struck the employe e's head.  The employee sustained skull fractures and brain injuries, killing hi m.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 27, 2018, an employee was standing in close proximity to a disabled dump truck while waiting for his supervisor to come to his location and push start the dump truck with a wheel loader. The supervisor, operating a C at 980G wheel loader, approached the Ford dump truck from the rear and did not h ave visibility of the employee standing in front of the truck. The supervisor di d not attempt to make contact with the employee and believed he was in the cab o f the dump truck. The supervisor used the wheel loader to push the dump truck, c ausing the employee to be caught under the tires of the truck. The employee sust ained internal injuries and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on June 15, 2019, an employee was in the process of delivering produce items to a grocery store. The employee was in the process of unloading goods using a battery-powered self-propelled motorized hand truck (pal let jack). As he was pulling the pallet jack out of his truck onto the dock area , he accidentally got his right foot in between his pallet jack and another pall et jack in the area.  This pallet jack had an automatic brake, which was activat ed as soon the hand switch was let go.  There was nothing wrong with the pallet jack. He was moving backward with load-engaging means of the pallet jack upgrade and did not see the parked pallet jack behind him.  He did not release the hand switch in time before it ran into another pallet jack. He suffered a crushing i njury to his right foot.  He was treated in the emergency room and sent home the same day.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 8, 2018, an employee was applying fire caulking to drywa ll seams and wall penetration cracks near the ceiling using a trough and trowel while on a step ladder. As the employee was working, the ladder shifted and the employee his lost balance and fell ten feet. The employee suffered fractures to his neck and back (4 vertebrae), head contusion, and spinal cord damage that has left the employee paralyzed from the waist down and organ complications.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 12:15 p.m. on March 28, 2017, an employee was priming and clear ing the concrete hose so concrete could be pumped through it. A 7 foot 3 inches metal hook got clogged and when it was released, it shot up striking the employe e on the jaw. The employee was hospitalized and treated for fractured jaw.
struck_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on October 6, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a woodworking contrac tor, was working at a multi-employer construction project, a five-story multifam ily residential structure.  He was using a 4-foot A-frame stepladder and a pneum atic nail gun to install a lapboard ceiling.  The ladder was set up next to an u nstable and unsecured table.  The employee was standing on top of the ladder and reaching out to install the boards over the table area.  The employee lost his balance and fell.  The table fell over, its top came loose,  and the employee la nded on top of one of the iron braces affixed to the table, the brace now sticki ng up in the air.  Employee #1 sustained internal injuries to his abdominal area and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on June 28, 2018, an employee was installing trusses when he fell 1 3 feet and suffered a fractured skull and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on May 14, 2019, an employee was leaving his worksite towards a bui lding exit when he walked into a forklift path. The employee was struck by the t ail end of the forks of a powered industrial vehicle (PIV) driven by a coworker. The employee incurred a broken foot and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	Two employees were painting the side of a single-family home. One of the two workers moved his ladder, and the ladder contacted the top conductor of an overhead power line. The employee received an electric shock and was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on August 10, 2017, an employee was cutting a propel ler blade from a propeller body. The employee got under the propeller and starte d cutting the propeller blade with a carbon arc rod when the propeller blade gav e way and struck employee.  The employee suffered broken pelvis, ruptured colon and bladder, internal bleeding.  The employee was hospitalized and treated for h is injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on November 26, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an e lectrical contractor, were troubleshooting a power outage at a mobile home park. Employee #1 was holding a flashlight while Coworker #1 tested a 7,200 volt tra nsformer.  Employee #1 apparently came close to or contacted live electrical par ts.  An explosion occurred, and Employee #1 was severely burned.  Emergency serv ices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admit ted and treated for third degree electrical burns to his arm, hand, and chest. He was hospitalized for eight days.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on March 7, 2015 an employee was climbing into or out of his truck cab when he slipped on the ice that had accumulated on the steps to the cab. He sustained a head injury from the slipping on the icy steps.
fall_fatal	At 8:50 a.m. on February 21, 2019, an employee was covering an exposed roof afte r its tiles were removed with tarps to prevent water damage. During work, the em ployee lost his footing and fell. He struck his head on  a concrete floor and wa s killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on March 2, 2019, an employee operated a backhoe in reverse down a gravel haul road. At some point, the employee moved the backhoe approximately tw o to three feet off the road and into an area of soft dirt. The backhoe rolled o ver and ejected the employee who was then struck by the backhoe on both legs. Th e employee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the right ankle and left foot.
caught_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 9, 2020, Employee #1 and a Coworker, employed by a constr uction company, were engaged in digging a trench for a pipeline.  Employee #1 wa s standing on the conveyor of a shut down Wolfe Man 8000 Trencher and was cleani ng dirt from the machine.  The coworker, who was the machine operator, caught hi s shirt on the machine's power lever.  The coworker moved and inadvertently pull ed the lever to the on position.  The wheel of the trencher began to rotate, and Employee #1 was pulled into the wheel and crushed.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 a.m. on March 12, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a drill ing company, were engaged in crane operations at a bridge construction site.  Th e coworker was operating the crane.  Employee #1 was signaling the coworker to l ower the crane's auxiliary line so the rigging could be removed.  The crane's an ti-two-block device fell from the top of the crane and struck Employee #1 in the head.  He sustained a fractured skull and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on September 18, 2018, an employee was tightening a bolt that was loose with a drill and made contact with the socket with the back of the drill, causing an arc flash.  The employee sustained second degree burns to his hands a nd was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on January 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete constructi on company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story com mercial building.  He was on the second floor and engaged in installing a concre te deck when he fell through a floor hole that was covered with foam board, a fa ll height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was trans ported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fractures to both wrists and m ultiple vertebrae.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:18 p.m. on December 18, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a framing constructi on company, was engaged in exterior framing work at a residence.  He was receivi ng trusses above the garage when he lost his footing and fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a fractured arm and a laceration to the head.
struck_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on June 6, 2016, an employee was standing on the shoulder of a high way, preparing to clean up oil that spilled on the highway after an earlier car accident.  A motor vehicle veered off the road and killed him.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 p.m., on February 2, 2015, an employee, a welder, who had been employed by the company for approximately 10 work days, was welding and sim ultaneously pressurizing approximately a 500 gallon mild-steel vacuum tank for a ir leak testing.  Arc welding process was utilized, Gas Metal Arc Welding GMAW i .e. Metal Inert Gas MIG with the Miller #24 MIG welder (Millermatic Model No. 25 2 and Argon inert gas tank).  The vacuum tank was placed horizontally on the mov able platform that allowed for its transport and also rolling it around its axis for worker's convenience during welding and other tasks such as air leak testin g. The facility's air compressor regulated to approximately 134 psi was used for pressurizing the tank through its connections from one of the shop's main air l ines and a quick disconnect hose attached to the air regulating fixture on the t ank. A spray bottle with soapy water solution was prepared for air leak testing of the welds' sealing and penetration. Prior to performing the tank's air leak t esting, Employee #1 was welding caps on the tank's ends and its middle seam wher e two rolled cylinders were connected to form this tank. Once the current weldin g task was completed, Employee #1 capped and/or plugged all other openings in th e tank and connected the air regulating fixture equipped with a psi gauge and tw o handle-type ball valves to the tank caps 0.25-inch relief valve opening. Then, Employee #1 connected a quick disconnect air hose from the piped shop compresse d air supply to one of the handle-type ball valves on the air regulating fixture that allowed for pressurizing of the tank. Next, Employee #1 began to weld the tank's middle seam while air pressure was developing. The heat from the welding process imposed onto the tank further increased the internal pressure being buil t-up with supplied compressed air. This condition was observed by the Employee # 1's direct supervisor during a walkthrough of the welding area. According to the direct supervisor's recollection, at that time he advised Employee #1 to stop t he operation. Employee #1 acknowledged the command, stopped welding, and began t o walk in the direction away from his supervisor, along the long side of the tan k, towards Employee #1's tools and Welder Unit Number 24. When the employee walk ed around the end of the tank, and next to the tank's welded cap's edge, the cap ruptured (mechanical explosion due to rapid expansion of gas), striking Employe e #1. The ruptured cap was forcefully projected across the aisle from where the work was being performed. The cap's welds broke at the rolled stock's edge conne ction in the over-pressurized environment. Employee #1 was killed at the scene a s a result of multiple bodily trauma to head, upper, and lower body parts result ing in death.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on June 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was engaged in a liquid spraying operation at a two-story commercial building.  As he was moving an aluminum extension ladder that was extended to 26 feet, the lad der came into contact with an energized overhead electric power line.  Employee #1 incurred electric burns over the majority of his body when 3,700 volts of ele ctricity passed through his body.  Emergency services transported the employee t o the hospital for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 20, 2018, an employee attempted to remove a plumb lin e marking from window openings. The employee removed an approximately two-inch l ong nail from the window, when released was pulled by the tension on the plumb l ine towards the employee's eye. The nail penetrated and ruptured the employee's eye and the employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment, where it was d etermined that the employee received permanent loss of vision to the eye.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:47 p.m. on January 3, 2010, Employee #1 was operating a Crown Rider Electric Pallet Jack (Crown Model Number PE 4500-60, Serial Number 6A272091) inside Building A at a cooler dock near freezer #3. The pallet jack slipped off of the platform and continued forward, smashing Employee #1's left foot against the corner section of the storage rack. Employee #1's foot was amputated.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 23, 2010, Employee #1, an electrical power installer and repairer of American Power Systems LLC, suffered unspecified burns from an electrical flash. Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment of his burns.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 24, 2019, an employee was cutting a 2 foot x 2 foot HAVC chase in a wooden floor with a reciprocating saw and fell from the ladder he wa s using.  The employee struck his head on the concrete floor and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on October 24, 2017, an employee was working at a U.S. Air Force ma intenance and rebuilding facility. He was in the facility's B1 tooling wood mill area. He was operating a Delta 300-millimeter (12-inch) radial arm saw. He was making crosscuts on 38-millimeter by 89-millimeter (nominally, 2-inch by 4-inch) pieces of wood. There were some previously cut pieces of wood on the floor. Whe n he stepped to the side, he tripped on those pieces. The radial arm saw did not retract back to its starting point. The guards were thus not able to fall back into place. The saw was still running at its full RPM. When the employee reached out to gain his balance, his hand went into the saw blade. The blade cut his mi ddle finger. The employee sustained the partial amputation of the middle finger on his left hand. He was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 12;30 p.m. on September 25, 2018, an employee was bending a 20 gauge galvaniz ed sheet metal using a Roto-Die hydraulic bender power press brake and placed hi s fingers at the point of operation while the brake's blade moved down.  The emp loyee caught both hands between the blade and the working surface, crushing eigh t of his fingers.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on April 22, 2022, an employee, a roofer, was working on a commerci al building roof. The employee tripped and fell 5 stories to the ground and brok e his right femur fractured his skull. The employee died as a result of his inju ries.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 19, 2019, an employee unloaded material onto a roof to pr epare for roofing work. The employee sat down next to a skylight to wait for mor e material, leaned onto the skylight, which then broke under the employee's weig ht. The employee fell approximately twenty-nine feet and hospitalized to treat f ractures to both heels and other unspecified fractures.
caught_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 18, 2014, an employee was performing a rig up operation of the substructure (derrick tower). The employee used a 12 pound sledge hammer to remove the 8 inch x 3 inch diameter pin from the left crown support bracket a nd when the pin was removed the right crown support bracket failed. The middle s ection of the derrick dropped approximately 16 inches crushing employee to death . The employee was caught between the truck bed and derrick and killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on February 22, 2016, Employee #1 was working in and around a large timber log pile.  Employee #1 was killed by a log which fell and struck him.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 23, 2016, an employee was loading metal panels onto a r oof. The employee was walking on the roof and fell through a skylight. He suffer ed head trauma when he landed on the  concrete floor below, and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On August 29, 2012, Employee #1, a 64-year-old male construction laborer, and Employee #2, a 52-year-old male construction laborer with Home Crafters of Tidewater were erecting a pump jack scaffold system to assist in stalling vinyl siding on the backside of a new construction residential garage. There was a 7.6 kilovolt, single-phase overhead high voltage line at the back of the garage located approximately twenty three feet by ten feet from the ground to the primary line and twenty four feet off the face of the garage. The garage was about twenty-inches from the gable peak to the ground. Employee #1 & #2 had erected one of the aluminum pump jack poles which was twenty three feet and nine feet in length, which ended up being directly under the primary line when erected. Employee #1 and Employee #2 did not contact the line with the first pole. While erecting the second pump jack pole, the pole struck the primary line shocking Employee #1 and Employee #2. After contacting with the second pump jack pole, the Primary line came in contact with the first pump jack pole where it remained energized until the fuse was blown at the substation. Employee #1 went into cardiac arrest and lost consciousness. Employee #1 never regained consciousness and died at the hospital seven days later. Employee #2 was taken to the hospital with burn injuries to his right arm and remained hospitalized. Workers of the roofing subcontractor discovered employee #1 and Employee #2 and summoned Emergency Medical Services.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 p.m. on January 20, 2016, a 43 year old employee was welding the roof o nto the lip of a tank and fell 45 feet from a scaffold. After removing a 2 foot by 12 scaffold board, in order to access the platform, it is assumed the employe e unhooked and removed their harness and then continued to work without replacin g the 2 foot by 12 scaffold board back into place.  The employee stepped too clo se to the opening in the access point area, which resulted in the fall of 45 fee t.  The employee was killed from blunt head and neck injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 16, 2018, an employee was working for a firm that pro vided local, general freight trucking. He was the operator of a flatbed trailer. The flatbed trailer he was driving was being unloaded. He unbuckled the straps holding the material on his truck. Then he walked out of the area. He reentered the area. At that time, a roll of textile plastic weighing 410 kilograms (900 po unds) rolled off the truck and struck the employee. He sustained a fractured tib ia and fibula, a gash on the front and back of his head, a chipped femur, a frac tured pelvis, a concussion, and a cracked tailbone. He was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 9, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in roofing repair at a residential structure.  He was cutting underl ayment near the roof's edge when he fell and struck the concrete driveway, a fal l height of 18 feet.  Employee #1 sustained multiple blunt force traumatic injur ies, including cerebral frontal pole contusions, multiple fractures of the spine , rib fractures,  Employee was cutting underlaying near the edge of the roof. Em ployee fell off the edge of the roof onto the concrete driveway. Multiple blunt force injuries, including: cerebral frontal pole contusions, C5 T10 L2 and L4 fr actures, bilateral rib fractures, internal hemorrhaging, and cerebral edema.  Em ployee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 14, 2006, Employee #1 was performing remodeling punchout work. The floating manager instructed Employee #1 to go to the unit and replace a nonfunctioning smoke detector. The smoke detector was wired directly to the 120-volt power supply and also had a battery as backup power. Employee #1 went to the unit and entered the washer and dryer area, where the circuit breaker for the unit was located. He turned off the main breaker switch, but did not install a circuit breaker lock and tag. He then went to the second floor, where he proceeded to remove the bad smoke detector and install the new one. While Employee #1 was upstairs, a painter entered the unit and attempted to use his sprayer that he plugged into the wall. It did not work, so he went to the circuit breaker and turned the power on, not knowing that Employee #1 was upstairs replacing the smoke detector. Employee #1 was shocked by the 120-volt power that had been turned back on. As a result of the accident, Employee #1 suffered a temporary tingling and numbness in his left shoulder and upper torso. He was treated and released from a local medical facility.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on May 30, 2018, an employee was walking towards an access ladder on a scaffold. A coworker had removed scaffold planks off of a barer to install a rest platform, but failed to notify the employee of the hazardous condition cr eated. The employee stepped through the unsecured cantilevered planks and began to fall. In an attempt to stop his fall, the employee grabbed at the brick wall which resulted in a masonry block coming loose and falling with the employee. Th e employee fell eleven feet and was then struck on the head by the falling mason ry block. The employee received a fractured pelvis, vertebra, and sternum along with head trauma. The employee was hospitalized for his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 1:10 p.m. on July 25, 2019, Employee #1 and five coworkers, employed by a con struction company, were working on Crane #526, Grove 5200, 240 Ton Crane, Serial # 5200 8192.  They had determined that new parts would need to be ordered to re pair the boom angle sensor for the jib, and now they were stowing the jib until it could be repaired.  Employee #1, the main operator, was positioned on top of the jib, inside its lattice work, when the jib disconnected from the boom and fe ll, a fall height of 10.5 feet.  As it fell, the jib rolled 180 degrees, first s triking the outrigger jack and the deck and then hitting the ground.  Employee # 1 sustained blunt force crushing injuries to the abdomen and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on October 6, 2017, an employee had returned from his break and wa s inspecting the welds under a top plate.  The employee was struck in the head b y the leveler when the hook slipped off of the lip plate and the leveler fell. The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on May 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s engaged in carpentry work at the site of a residential remodel.  He was operat ing a Skilsaw power saw and making a cut on the frame of a door opening.  The sa w blade hit a knot and kicked up, striking Employee #1's left index finger, whic h was positioned along the edge of the door frame.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for an avulsion injury to the finger's nail bed.
electrocution_fatal	On September 17, 2009, an employee was working as a Building Operations Maintenance person for a construction company. The employee was asked by his supervisor to go under the house to remove debris. The supervisor also asked the employee to feed a doorbell wire up through the floor of the utility room so he could connect the doorbell, which was not working. The employee indicated to the supervisor that he had a metal fish tape which he could use to feed the doorbell wire. The supervisor indicated that he told the employee to attach the doorbell wire to the blue telephone wire and feed it through the floor opening. But the employee used the fish tape anyway. While the supervisor was standing in the utility room waiting for the employee to feed the wire, he heard the employee make a noise under the house like he was hurt. The supervisor called his name several times and he did not answer. He then ran outside and called two other workers to come and help. They went to the crawlspace on the side of the house, went under and found the employee lying on the ground, not moving, but still had a pulse. They pulled the employee almost outside the crawlspace. The paramedics arrived and tried to revive the employee, without success. The employee died at the scene from an apparent electrical shock, which was confirmed by the Coroners Report.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 21, 2018, an employee was sweeping the floor while a cowor ker was washing the roof.  The employee's shoulder came into contact with a 2400 V energized electrical wire and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:30 a.m. on January 5, 2017, an employee and a second driver d rove a semi-trailer to a FedEx facility. The trailer was then stationed at its d esignated place. The employee, working at the rear of the tractor truck, was dis connecting an air hose and pulling the pin from the tractor. The tractor pulled forward and the employee was struck-by the tractor truck. The employee was struc k in head and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 14, 2007, Employee #1, of Muir Chase Plumbing Company, was working on remodeling project on the eleventh floor of the MGM Building in Los Angeles, CA. He was standing on the fifth rung of an A-frame ladder installing pipes when he contacted a 120-volt exposed wire in a junction box. Employee #1 jumped from the ladder, landing on his feet. He sustained minor injuries, for which he was treated and released.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:37 p.m. on June 16, 2017, Employee #1 was working at a commer cial tire repair shop. He had positioned a tire cage on the front of an industri al truck's mast and forks, and was about to tie it to the forklift with a chain. He needed to move the tire cage into a storage area. Employee #1 placed his bod y in between the mast and the operator cab of the forklift and stepped onto its instrument panel. While stepping on the instrument panel, he hit the hydraulic l ever with his leg and the mast lowered towards him.  Employee #1 was pinned betw een the inside running lines of the forklift's mast and the operator's cab and s ustained fractured ribs when he was caught between the mast and cab. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment on the rib fra ctures and was then released from the hospital.
fall_fatal	At approximately 1:15 p.m. on July 14, 2016, Employee #1 was installing trim on the interior of a third floor apartment. He fell through a guard rail to a concr ete floor. Employee #1 was killed by a head contusion and other injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 28, 2018, an employee was using an alligator clip while running continuity tests and was caught by an arc flash that occurred.  The emp loyee sustained second and third degree burns.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 20, 2017, an employee was looking for a container he was t rying to pick up from the port of Houston. The employee was struck by a gantry c rane and the employee's leg was amputated. The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 6:15 p.m. on February 8, 2018, an employee was descending down a wall where h e was completing some masonry work and had been applying stucco to the surface. The employee fell from the scaffold and struck his head on the ground.  The emp loyee was killed from his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 7, 2019, an employee used a 10" Tilting Arbor Saw to cut the plywood. He was not provided a push stick to feed the wood into the saw. While cutting the wood he struck his hand on the saw blade. He amputated three fingers , requiring hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 20, 2020, Employee #1 was installing siding at an exist ing residential structure.  He was taking measurements while working from a ladd er and the roof.  The employee lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 10 fe et.  His head struck the concrete pavement.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force t raumatic injuries and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on May 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s engaged in carpentry work at the site of a residential remodel.  He was operat ing a Skilsaw power saw and making a cut on the frame of a door opening.  The sa w blade hit a knot and kicked up, striking Employee #1's left index finger, whic h was positioned along the edge of the door frame.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for an avulsion injury to the finger's nail bed.
electrocution_fatal	On July 26, 2005, Employee #1 and a coworker, of Environmental Maintenance Engineering, Inc., were spraying water-based asbestos encapsulant when some of the chemical landed on the bare conductors of the electric cord that was supplying power to the spray equipment. Employee #1 was electrocuted, and his coworker received a non-fatal shock.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:55 a.m. on February 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s on a building roof.  He was looking for areas to place fall protective device anchor points.  Employee #1 stepped through a skylight and fell.  Emergency serv ices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admit ted and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 7, 2018, Employee #1 was installing a prefabricated wall pan el. The wall panel began to fall out and away from the building. The panel fell, with Employee #1 holding on, to the ground. Employee #1 was killed upon impact.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on September 29, 2013, an employee was installing asphalt roof shin gles on a 10 to 12 slope single family residential home roof.  The employee reac hed to stop a sliding bundle shingle and he lost his balance.  He fell off the r oof and 13 feet and 5 inches to the ground.  He suffered fatal blunt force traum a.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 2, 2018, an employee was preparing to move to the othe r side of a single story roof. As he walked, the employee slipped on plywood and fell eight feet. The employee was taken to a local hospital to treat an arm fra cture.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on February 22, 2020, an employee was installing aluminum panels on the roof of a new thirteen story building. The employee's lanyard was not corre ctly attached to an HVAC leg and at some point fell one hundred and thirty feet and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on January 4, 2017, Employee #1 was assisting in a dr illing operation. As the drill was rotating, his hand was caught in the bit and severely injured. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he rece ived treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On or about 3:30 p.m. on November 6, 2008, Employee #1, a 31 year-old-male working for Atm Plumbing, was working in a crawl space under a private house. The crawl space was wet from recent rains. Employee #1 was using a manual operated pipe cutter to cut a water pipe when he received an electrical shock and became unconscious. Employee #2 was also under the house using a trouble light to illuminate the work area was not using a GFCI. Unbeknown to Employee #1 the water pipe that he was working on was also used for the electrical grounding system for the house. Employee #2 pulled him out of the crawl space. Paramedics transported Employee #1 to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on June 29, 2021, an employee was unloading a load of concrete deb ris using a dump truck. When the employee raised the bed of the dump truck it co ntacted  an overhead power line that supplied power to a nearby manufactured hom e. The dump truck became entangled in the power line and caught on fire. When th e employee exited the dump truck he came in contact with the live power lines an d was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m. on April 6, 2020, an employee was cleaning doors on t he belly dump.  Then, the doors closed and crushed the lower body of the employe e.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On December 6, 2008, Employee #1, an electrician, and Employee #2, a laborer, were completing a job at Fountain Green Elementary School that involved running a new 480 volt feeder for audiovisual and datalink equipment. To complete the task, the circuit ground lug had to be tightened. The workers removed the cover from an energized 90 in. high by 33 in. wide three-phase, four-wire 480 volts, 1,200 amp. capacity Siemens panel box (manufactured in December 1992, catalog number FC-I, U/L number C 552790). Employee #1 was tightening the ground lug when an arc flash occurred. He suffered second- and third-degree burns over his face, neck, arms, and hands, for which he was hospitalized. Employee #2 sustained much less serious burns over similar parts of his body; he was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and released. The chief custodian of the school and the president of the company acknowledged that it would have been feasible, albeit difficult, to have de-energized the panel during this operation. No written procedures for locking it out were in place. Sleeves were available, but the employees were not wearing them during the procedure. The employees had not been provided with goggles, face shields, or gloves that would have lessened the severity of their injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a five-story commercial building.  He was functioning as a tag liner for steel erection.  Employee #1 wa lked to an I-beam that was being hoisted.  The beam, which weighed 1,500 pounds, was 32 feet long, and had been set upon uneven ground, fell and rolled onto Emp loyee #1's left leg.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:20 p.m. on May 16, 2019, an employee and coworker were welding a 2 inch pip e in a steel hut when a wind storm kicked up and blew the hut over the top of th em.  The employee sustained multiple leg fractures and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on March 25, 2019, an employee stood on the second story floor jois t while waiting to receive additional wood. At a tele-handler type forklift oper ator raised the forks, the forks caught the employee and tossed the employee int o the air. The employee fell and received a facial fracture. Thee employee was h ospitalized for surgery to repair the fracture.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 9, 2003, Employee #1, who worked for a high voltage conductor and equipment contractor, and a coworker-line foreman were removing the "B" phase line side conductor termination from an underground residential distribution switch cabinet. Employee #1's hand tool contacted an energized, 7,200-volt phase-to-ground AC cable termination paddle, resulting in an electric arc and flash. He suffered second- and third-degree burns on his right hand, upper left arm, and left shoulder, for which he was hospitalized. The line foreman did not perform the proper tests to ensure the conductors were isolated from all sources of electricity.
caught_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on November 17, 2020, Employee #1 stopped and exited the truck he h ad been driving. The employee attempted to disconnect the brake lines when the e mployee was run over, crushed, and killed by the truck.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 3, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, w as painting an interior ceiling on the ground floor of a commercial building.  H e was working from a 12-foot stepladder set up next to a glass window wall when he fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of multiple i njuries.  These included fractures to the spine, collarbone and rib, and a brain clot.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on October 10, 2008, Employee #1 went to Aisle 36 to pull orders. When he reached the section where he needed to get the merchandise, he stopped the pallet jack by reversing the control handle (it's called plugging). Then, he got off the pallet jack and picked up the merchandise from the storage rack. As he was turning around to put the case on the pallet jack, he noticed that the pallet jack was moving toward him in reversing motion. The pallet jack was only 1 - 1 1/2 ft away from Employee #1, so he threw the case and braced himself for the impact. The edge of control handle of pallet jack hit Employee #1's lower abdomen, and he was pinned between the pallet jack and a pole of storage rack. Employee #1 screamed in pain, and Witness #1, who was waiting for Employee #1's pallet jack to move out of the aisle to collect empty pallets, came over to help. Employee #1 went to the office to report a work-related injury, and the plant manager took him to an industrial clinic, where he was examined and released with modified work duties. Employee #1 kept having abdominal pain, and his girlfriend took him to Lakewood Regional Medical Center the next night, where he was hospitalized for three days for a torn liver and internal bleeding. Unified Grocers is a retailer-owned wholesale grocery cooperative that provides grocery products and services to independent retailers throughout the Western United States. Employee #1 was an order selector, who had worked for the company since May 27, 2007. The pallet jack was manufactured by Yale, and its Model Number and Serial Number were MPC080LEN24T2896 and A905N01948F, respectively. The equipment number was 9271, and it had been in service since 5/16/2008 at the site. The pallet jack was inspected after the incident and no deficiencies were found. Cal/OSHA determined that no Title 8 regulation was violated in connection with the accident.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on September 14, 2012, Employee #1, of Floyd & Howerton Plumbing, was using a Milwaukee cordless portable hand saw to cut a 2-in. copper pipe at a construction project. The employee sustained a deep laceration to his left index finger when his hand met the saw blade. Employee #1 was transported to UCSD Medical Center in San Diego, where he was treated for lacerations to his left index finger. The employee was hospitalized for over 24 hours.
caught_fatal	At approximately 8:30 on March 3, 2015, an employee was working in a pool distri bution warehouse relocating an elevated aerial lift.  As the lift approached a s prinkler pipe the employee became wedged between the top guardrail and the I-bea m pinning the employee from behind.  The employee sustained blunt trauma to the neck and head and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on February 22, 2017, an employee was working from an 8 foot A-fram e ladder to replace a gutter on a residential structure.  As he was descending t he ladder, he lost his footing and fell to the ground. The employee hit his head and back on the ground and was knocked unconscious. The employee was hospitaliz ed and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:45 p.m. on December 18, 2013, Employee #1, employed by The M S Rouse Company, Inc., was working at a building site. He was wearing rubber gloves and using his personally-owned Dewalt 130 Volt, .5-inch VSR Drill to mix Artex floor patch. The mixing paddle became loose. Employee #1 attempted to reattach the paddle without first turning off power to the drill. As he depressed the trigger of the drill with his right hand while holding the paddle to the chuck with his left hand, his left little finger became entangled in the drill. The tip of his left little finger was amputated. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where his finger was treated. He was then discharged without hospitalization. The employer's Chief Operating Officer reported this event to Cal/OSHA at approximately 9:10 a.m. on December 19, 2013. Cal/OSHA initiated its onsite investigation on March 14, 2014. The investigation established that The M S Rouse Company is a privately owned company specializing in the installation of commercial floor coverings. Employee #1 had been employed by the employer as a journeyman floor installer for approximately four years.
caught_fatal	At 10:47 a.m. on December 11, 2021, an employee walked in between a crawler exca vator and a 45 foot trailer truck. The employee was struck by the bottom of the excavator and trailer. The employee was killed due to blunt force trauma to the head, neck and thorax caused by the excavator.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 13, 2022, two employees were performing excavation work un der a residential home in preparation for plumbing work.  They were electrocuted and killed.
electrocution_fatal	On May 9, 2003, Employee #1 was in a bucket truck, removing the guy from the top of a utility pole. He was using a wrench to remove the nut from the guy bolt on the pole. He was holding the bolt with his left hand when his right elbow contacted the approximately 7,200-volt line at the transformer. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 10, 2017, Employee #1 was using a Hitachi pneumatic na il gun to tack/nail the rafters on the second floor of a residential home. A 3.2 5 inch smooth shank framing nail bounced or ricocheted off the top of another na il or a metal hanger close by, and entered Employee #1 through his nostril, lodg ing behind his right eye. The employee was hospitalized for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:50 a.m. on May 22, 2018, an employee placed a four foot by five foot by thr ee inch stone panel into straps in preparation to lift the panel using a portabl e hoist (Beta Max LEO portable hoist). The employee's coworker began to lift the panel in the space between the scaffold and wall surface when the spreader bar used to keep the panel parallel to the space, snagged onto the scaffold frame. T o prevent damage to the scaffold frame, the employee used his left hand to free the spreader bar, by pushing on the pulley block, and allow the panel to be rais ed. While making the attempt to free the panel, the employee's left hand became caught in the pulley block and the employee received an amputation injury to his left pinky finger. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	On April 26, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a road construction company, was eng aged in a road widening project.  He was operating a Caterpillar mini roller com pactor.  As he turned his head and attempted to back up the roller, his hand ina dvertently moved on the steering wheel, causing the roller to catch the soft edg e of the road.  The roller rolled over onto its side, and the employee's head wa s struck.  The employee lost consciousness.  He was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and released without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on February 11, 2013, Employee #1 was performing his usual duties for a county department of transportation. The employee was unloading a box from the truck when his finger was caught between the heavy box and the tailgate of the pickup truck. The employee was transported to Ukiah Valley Medical Center by coworkers, where his right ring fingertip was amputated. Employee #1 was released after twenty-four hours.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on March 26, 2019, an employee was positioning a 72 inch diameter i ndustrial magnet on a set a saw hoses with an alloy steel chain sling attached t o an overhead crane.  The employee reached under the suspended magnet to positio n the saw horse when its lifting lug broke and it fell onto the saw horses.  The employee caught his left hand's index finger between the magnet and the saw hor se, partially amputating his finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing co mpany, was engaged in carpentry work at a commercial building.  He was working f rom an extension ladder and cutting a 6-inch by 6-inch piece of wood with a batt ery-operated Sawzall power saw.  The ladder fell, and Employee #1 fell with it, a fall height of approximately 11 feet.  As he fell, his right leg came into con tact with the ladder and was lacerated.  Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, admitted, and treated for the laceration.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:15 p.m. on January 10, 2007, Employees #1 and #2 were delivering roofing materials to a residential construction site. Employee #1 was operating a conveyor on the bed of a truck, while Employee #2 was assisting with the delivery. After unloading approximately 50 squares, measuring 10 feet by 10 feet, the conveyor was maneuvered to be stowed into its cradle on the bed of the truck. As the conveyor was being maneuvered, it contacted a 7,200-volt overhead power line. Employee #1, who was standing on the ground at the controls, was shocked. Employee #2, standing next to the truck and off to the side, was also shocked. Employees #1 and #2 were hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 9, 2020, an employee was operating a traffic-blocking vehicle during roadwork. At some point, another motor vehicle traveling at high way speed struck the employee's vehicle. The employee received multiple, instant aneous fatal injuries and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:46 a.m. on May 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, was framing parts of the roof and installing weatherproofing paper during construct ion of a three-story multifamily residential structure.  The employee was workin g from a metal scaffold three stages high, with a fully planked platform and lad der access.  The employee slipped and fell a height of 2 to 3 feet between the i nboard edge of the scaffold plank and the face of the building, striking his hea d on parts of the scaffold.  The employee stated that no parts of the scaffold w ere missing.  The distance between the plank and building was 13 to 16 inches. The employee required hospitalization and treatment for head injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:15 a.m. on September 10, 2012, Employee #1, an employee of Ramsay Highlander Inc., was starting the engine of a self-propelled baby leaf harvester while his right arm was through the steering wheel. The steering wheel began to spin as the harvester started, fracturing his right arm. Employee #1 was transported to Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital and was hospitalized. Upon further investigation, it was determined that the hydraulic lines controlling the steering wheel were connected backwards.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 15, 2018, Employee #1, a contract  employee for a const ruction company, was prepping a two-story commercial office building for exterio r painting.  He was working from an aluminum 28-foot Werner extension ladder lea ned against the back side of the building and operating a gasoline-powered 3,000 -psi DeWalt pressure washer to clean the exterior.  During the pressure washer o peration, the employee fell from the ladder, a fall height of 15 feet to 20 feet .  He struck his head on the pressure washer, which caught fire and severely bur ned the employee.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of second and third degree burns to 34% of h is body, multiple finger amputations, visual impairment, and a fractured vertebr a.  During the subsequent investigation, it was established that operating the p ressure washer from a ladder was contrary to the manufacturer's instructions.
fall_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on August 7, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was erecting the framework for a two-story residential structure.  The employee , who had no fall protection, was working from the unguarded first floor deck wh en he fell off the edge.  Employee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	At 8:45 p.m. on April 1, 2019, an employee was performing maintenance on a crane when his arm was caught in the crane's flywheel. The employee's hand was amputa ted when he was unable to free himself The employee bled to death.
struck_nonfatal	There were five inspections associated with this investigation: 1373753, 1373762 , 1373764, 1373769, and 1374355, for a temporary staffing agency. This account w as based on that of the temporary staffing agency. At 11:45 a.m. on January 23, 2019, an employee was working for a temporary staffing agency. He was cutting me tal frame supports. He was working next to n unsupported drywall partition. The partition was approximately 2.4 meters (8 feet) tall and 1.8 meters (5 feet, 10 inches; or 5.83 feet) wide. When he pulled on an electrical cord, the wall fell onto his back. The employee was pinned between the wall and a chop saw. He was h ospitalized to treat unspecified injuries.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:20 a.m. on March 9, 2012, Employee #1, a truck driver for Peninsula Sanitary Service Inc., made his rounds driving his dump truck and collected materials from recycling bins and trash dumpsters at various locations in the Stanford area. The employee stopped the truck on the north side of the street facing east and got out of the truck in order to move the trash dumpster that was sitting next to the recycling dumpster. Employee #1 pushed the trash dumpster into the street and positioned it to the front of the truck. The employee got back into the truck to lower the fork in order to pick up this trash dumpster and dump its contents into the truck. The trash dumpster started rolling down the hill and the employee jumped out of the truck in order to stop the dumpster. The parking brake on the truck was not set, and it rolled and followed the employee down the hill. Employee #1 was pinned in between the trash dumpster and the truck as it crashed and hit a parked car at the curb. The employee was crushed, and the truck continued rolling downhill. The truck hit another parked car and then came to a stop in the front yard of a residence on Mayfield Avenue. Employee #1 was hospitalized at Stanford Hospital. The employee died on March 27, 2012 at 11:50 a.m. due to the trauma injuries he sustained in the accident.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on December 15, 2017, an employee was working in a warehouse loadi ng a trailer. The employee was securing a damaged leaking super sack. A second s uper sack was stacked on top of the leaking super sack. The upper super sack fel l on the employee as he was securing the damaged leaking super sack. The employe e sustained a compressed fracture of a vertebra, hematoma in the spinal cord, lo st sensation to lower body, and nerve damage. The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On June 20, 2002, Employee #1 was driving a drill rig with an attached 28 ft boom along the berm of I-90 eastbound near the mile 16 mile marker. As it passed underneath some power lines, the boom struck one or more of the lines, causing a bright flash. When Employee #1 stepped of the rig to investigate, he was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:20 p.m. on July 11, 2017, Employee #1 was assembling shelving. The employee was standing on an elevated work platform that was not secure. As the employee assembled the next level for rack shelving, the platform collapsed and Employee #1 fell 15 feet to the concrete floor below. The employee sustained fractures to his hip and lacerations to his head.
electrocution_fatal	On October 31, 2008, Employee #1 was trimming a tree at a jobsite in the backyard of a private citizen. Two employees were on the site. Employee #1 was in the tree as a coworker stood on the ground. Employee #1 was attached to the tree at a height of approximately 20 ft. He was using an aluminum extension pole (approximately 12 ft in length) with a mechanical cutting device for trimming tree limbs. The cutting device pole was made of aluminum. There was plastic at the ends of the cutting tool; however, the plastic grips were not made to insulate the tool from electric shock. As he trimmed the tree, Employee # 1 contacted one of three uninsulated electrical power lines. The electric current caught his clothing on fire. The lines carried 72,000 volts phase to ground, and the one, he contacted was 12,470 volts phase to phase. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at the scene due to electrocution.
struck_fatal	At 10:47 a.m. on December 11, 2021, an employee walked in between a crawler exca vator and a 45 foot trailer truck. The employee was struck by the bottom of the excavator and trailer. The employee was killed due to blunt force trauma to the head, neck and thorax caused by the excavator.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:35 p.m. on September 13, 2017, an employee was rolling back the tool box on the back of a flatbed truck while attempting to lock the tool box on the lockin g mechanism.  The tool box wheel was stuck on the wheel track and the employee u sed some force to push the toolbox from where it was stuck on the track.  The em ployee's left hands middle finger was crushed when the tool box latch and locki ng mechanism pinched it.  The employee was hospitalized for four days and requir ed surgery.
caught_nonfatal	Employee #1, a set-up mechanic, was setting the Number 1 nozzle block, weighing approximately 5,000 lbs from the vertical to horizontal position when he pushed the wrong button on the radio controlled crane box. Employee #1 pushed the stop button. This caused the Number 1 nozzle block to swing in the direction of the Number 2 nozzle block. Employee #1 instinctively placed his hand between the two nozzle blocks to prevent equipment damage but resulted in fracture injuries to his left hand. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on August 29, 2005, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, his foreman, and an apprentice electrician were called to the site of an unearthed power line. Employee #1 climbed into the shallow ditch where the line had been uncovered to investigate. To get a closer look, he used a conductive utility knife to pry out a piece of the wire. He struck a 7,200-volt primary line, causing an arc flash and fireball. Employee #1 suffered burns to his face and arms and was temporarily blinded.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:39 a.m. on May 8, 2019, an employee walked to get off the roof, tripped, an d fell. The employee received a laceration to the abdomen from falling onto thei r tool belt and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At, 9:00 a.m. on April 26, 2017, Employee #1 was raising the height of an elevat or shaft doorway four inches on the second floor of a building under constructio n. After the header was raised, the employee had to trim a fiberglass insulation board, which had been installed onto the interior of the elevator shaft. Employ ee #1 was working from an A-frame ladder and using a utility knife to trim the i nsulation board. As the employee leaned into the inside of the elevator shaft in order to cut the back of the fiberglass insulation board, he lost his balance a nd fell over the railing into the elevator shaft and landed on the concrete floo r below. Employee #1 sustained a fractured elbow on his right arm and a fracture d heel on his right foot. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 17, 2018, an employee was cutting a steel tube with a ban d saw when the blade jumped from the tube and contacted the employee's finger. T he employee received a laceration to his left index finger.
electrocution_fatal	On January 12, 2012, Employee #1 was erecting a scaffold to perform siding operations. While the employee was holding an aluminum pole that was going to be used to erect the scaffold, the conductive materials of the pole came close to an uninsulated 76 KV power line and electrocuted Employee #1.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 4:45 p.m. on June 30, 2008, Employee #1 was working for a company that installed temporary power-supply for construction sites. Employee #1 was installing a meter on an energized electrical panel for temporary power (480 volts). As he was installing the meter, he shorted out a phase conductor to the ground with the metal part of the meter. This caused an arc flash and Employee #1 received flash burns on his face and both hands and arms. He was hospitalized for two weeks.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 29, 2015, an employee was using a heating device to seal t he seams of a plastic roof cover.  The employee was walking backwards and fell o ff of the roof, falling 17 feet to the concrete sidewalk.  The employee was kill ed from their injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On April 10, 2002, Employee #1 was unloading a cast iron pipe from a truck bed using a truck cane. The 18 ft, 6 in. long pipe was being hoisted by the crane when the boom contacted an overhead, 32,000 Volt, power line. The current came down the boom, the metal chain and the pipe, and electrocuted the employee. Employee #1 was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:50 p.m. on October 14, 2021, an employee was using a horizontal press to be nd metal anchors measuring 10.5 inches by  6 inches. When the employee tried to correct a bend by straightening the part, his fingers became caught in a pinch p oint between the die and the part.  The employee's middle and index fingertips w ere amputated.  The employee was treated without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on July 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a road construction comp any, was operating a powered concrete buggy during paving repair work.  He becam e pinned between a fence and the buggy.  The employee was transported to the hos pital and admitted for treatment of a fractured right leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:10 a.m. on August 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a electrical constructi on company, was trouble shooting a substation circuit breaker when an arc flash and explosion occurred.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for second and third degree burns to his face, hands, and arms.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on September 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction serv ices company, was working at a two-story residential building.  He was removing material from a window overhang when he lost his balance and fell, a fall height of approximately 13 feet 8 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures to the third vertebra, right clavicle, left wrist, and a head laceration.
struck_fatal	On September 1, 2019, an employee was struck by a forklift that was backing up a nd bruised his shoulder.  Hospitalization was not required.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:55 p.m. on March 13, 2018, an employee was performing electrical work.  The employee was changing a live front transformer to a dead transformer, when he c ontacted an energized electrical conductor. The employee received an electrical shock and hospitalization was required.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 14, 2018, Employee #1 was operating an overhead crane, movin g a steel beam. The hook malfunctioned, and the load fell, striking the employee on the head and leg. Employee #1 suffered a concussion and leg contusion. He wa s hospitalized for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On September 28, 2007, Employee #1 and a coworker, of Sunrise Painters, were moving a ladder during a paint job when it contacted overhead power lines. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on March 18, 2015, an employee was covering water pipelines with di rt using a bull dozer.  The employee came out of the bulldozer, he left the engi ne running, brake disengaged, and in gear; the bulldozer start moving down the d itch, and the employee tried to jump back into the bulldozer and was crushed by it.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 15, 2021, an employee was assisting coworkers moving an 18,000 pound MRI magnet on a suspended platform. The platform shifted, the ma gnet began to slide, and the employee was pushed through the guardrail and off t he platform by the magnet. The employee was killed when he fell to the roof belo w the platform.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a company that suppli ed traffic safety control systems, was unloading Jersey walls/barriers from a tr uck.  He was using a Kenco KL900 Barrier Lift and 318BL Hydraulic Excavator with Crosby Swivel Hook.  The swivel hook became wedged in the barrier lift.  Employ ee #1 used his hands to free the hook.  When the hook broke free, it and the exc avator shackle it was attached to dropped, and Employee #1's left hand middle fi nger was caught between the hook/shackle and the barrier lift.  Emergency servic es were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitte d and treated for the amputation of the finger's tip.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on October 16, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a constructio n company, were working at a commercial building.  They were doing general clean up in the soffit in preparation for installing bracing for new lighting fixture s.  The soffit was built in the 1970s and appears to have been no longer able to support the weight of the structure.  The soffit collapsed, and both Employee # 1 and Employee #2 fell, a fall height of approximately 16 feet, and landed on fa llen soffit material on the sidewalk.  Emergency services were called, and the t wo employees were transported to the hospital.  They were treated for multiple c ontusions, abrasions, and sprains, and then released.
fall_nonfatal	On March 28, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a building products and construction company, was standing next to a railing and waiting for a delivery at a multiem ployer construction project.  The railing broke, and Employee #1 fell.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitte d, and treated for a fractured jaw.
fall_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on March 10, 2019, an employee was transferring fuel into a 1,000 g allon tank. He was a truck driver and was tasked with delivering the fuel to a c ustomer. After completing the fuel transfer, the employee  climbed to the top of his tank truck and tripped over a cover of the truck's tank. The employee fell approximately 9 feet to a gravel driveway and sustained blunt-impact injuries. H e died three days later as a result of his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:20 p.m. on November 14, 2018, an employee was cleaning up at the end of his shift at a construction site. During cleaning, the employee fell 22 feet throug h an opening that had been used for ladder access and incurred unspecified injur es. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 7:45 a.m. on June 16, 2021, an employee was working as a laborer for a firm t hat engaged in the construction of industrial buildings. He was outside in a yar d. He was working near a concrete form, which would be used to make a coping str ucture. He was unloading rebar cages from the forks of forklift truck number 100 . After a rebar cage had been placed into the form, the employee signaled for th e forklift operator to move back. The forklift operator reversed but then pulled forward. His forklift struck the employee as he moved to the front of the form. The employee was struck by the right fork and then caught between the fork and the concrete form. He was taken to a hospital and hospitalized for four days. Hi s initial injury was a severe laceration into the lower buttock, with excessive bleeding at the site. His condition worsened, and he suffered additional injurie s. These included kidney failure, the amputation of his left leg, a bladder perf oration, and heart failure. He died at the medical facility.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction drilling company, was working at a multiemployer construction project for a new gas pipe line.  He was lining up the couplings on the boring machine and auger.  Employee #1 walked from the boring machine controls and around a ladder to the spoil doo r.  The boring machine was running and the spoil paddles were turning.  As Emplo yee #1 looked into the spoil door to determine whether the couplings were lining up, he fell, and his right foot was caught in the rotating spoil paddles.  Emer gency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the full amputation of the first two toes on his r ight foot and the partial amputation of the third toe.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on March 23, 2017, Employee #1, a carpenter, was dril ling 0.25-inch holes in a precast concrete ceiling panel working from a 10 foot high step ladder.  He was found on the floor with the ladder on top of him, dead .
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 2, 2016, an employee fell from a ladder and suffered a brok en leg. The employee was placing two anchor bolts supporting a 400 lb steel cano py above a door. The canopy pulled from the cinder block wall and struck the emp loyee below the right knee.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:52 p.m. on May 20, 2019, an employee was operating a stand-up forklift, mov ing materials between the dock and interior storage locations. The employee was driving the lift to the edge of the dock when he slowed down and then drove off the edge of the dock falling approximately 45 inches to the ground. The frame of the stand-up forklift landed on the employee's arm when they hit the ground. Th e employee was hospitalized to treat a left arm amputation above the elbow.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:25 a.m. on July 10, 2018, an employee was cutting a concrete pipe with a ga s powered concrete saw (Stihl Model TS700). While cutting the concrete pipe, the saw kicked back and the blade struck the employee's throat. The employee receiv ed laceration injuries to his throat.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 4, 2020, Employee #1 was unloading a trailer when he fe ll off the trailer onto the ground. He died from a head injury sustained in the fall.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 11, 2017, an employee was working for a manufacturer of metal valves and pipe fittings. He was trying to unclog a rotating auger. He pu t his hand up into an opening to unclog the auger. He sustained the amputation o f the fingertip of the index finger on his left hand. He was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 8, 2018, an employee was using a Grizzly GO490 Jointer wh ile planning the edge of a piece of wood.  The employee pushed the wood over the cutting of the jointer with his left hand when it slipped and struck the cuttin g edge, lacerating the tip of his left hand's pinky.  The employee was transport ed to the Stacey Medical Center, where his fingertip was amputated.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 9, 2019, an employee was operating a Baileigh Model R-H55 Roll Bender bending tube metal in order to make a radius on a piece of metal. Th e employee was holding the piece of stock down with his hands when he placed his hands within the point of operation where the metal is bent by the machine. The employee required medical treatment by a hand specialist to shave the bone down . The employee was not hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on April 1, 2003, Employee #1 and three coworkers arrived at the hospital work site and obtained security clearance from hospital personnel for access to the switchgear room. The crew consisted of four employees: two journeymen electricians (including the foreman) and two electrical apprentices (including Employee #1). One journeyman electrician and Employee #1 stayed in the switchgear room and the other journeyman electrician and apprentice went to the MRI room. The crew in the switchgear room removed the lower panel cover to the circuit breaker dead front externally operable panelboard, the vertical side panel on the right side of the panelboard, the front breaker cover, and the panel covering the cabinet to the right of the disconnect panel. The MRI circuit breaker was the lowest one on the right side of the panel, and the cover to enclose it was one of the panels removed. The breaker for the MRI in the switchgear room was opened to de-energize the MRI. The journeyman electrician in the switchgear room radioed to the electrician in the MRI room to confirm the power was disconnected, and received notification that it was. The journeyman electrician in the switchgear room then traced the wires for the MRI to their locations on the neutral and ground buss. Once all the wires were located, the journeyman electrician in the switchgear room started disconnecting the MRI wires connected to the breaker while Employee #1 started disconnecting the wires connected to the busses. At the same time, the electrician and apprentice in the MRI room started disconnecting the service wires from the breaker located there and disconnecting the wires leading from the circuit breaker to the power conditioner for the MRI because a new conditioner was also being installed. While the journeyman electrician in the switchgear room disconnected the MRI wires from the circuit breaker, Employee #1 removed the neutral and ground wires which were connected to the upper ground buss. He started disconnecting the farthest left wire first, which was marked with green tape. According to the journeyman electrician, this wire was connected about mid-way between the far left and right side of the buss. This wire was loosened and removed from the lug, and then guided out of the cabinet. By this time the journeyman electrician had two wires disconnected from the breaker, with one more to go. Employee #1 then started working on the second wire connected to the ground buss. This wire was marked with green and yellow tape and connected to the buss slightly to the right of center on the buss. As before, he used an Allen key with a handle to loosen up the first lug and wire. After the lug was loosened, he removed the handle to the allen key and loosened the lug a little further using just the allen key. Employee #1 was holding the Allen key in his left hand when he grabbed the wire and lifted it straight up to remove it from the lug and, in so doing, contacted the energized buss. An arc/flash occurred that caused both the electrician and Employee #1 to go blind momentarily. When the arc subsided, the electrician regained his vision within a few seconds and reached for the door to the switchgear room, which was slightly open. The electrician opened the door, grabbed Employee #1, walked him out of the room, and sat him down in a chair in the hallway. The other electrician and apprentice working in the MRI room heard the screams of the apprentice through the conduit and came running to see what had happened. In addition, the lights and power to the building shut down until the backup generator started. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital emergency room; within an hour, he was admitted to the Bridgeport Burn Center.
caught_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on May 22, 2017, an employee was hitching up a tandem trailer rig. The employee backed the truck and first trailer into a second trailer and then exited the cab to hitch the second trailer.  The parking brake in the truck was not engaged and the working surface had a slight upward incline.  As the trailer was hooked up and the employee hooked up the air brakes, both trailers rolled b ackwards approximately 8 feet. The first and second trailers jack knifed into on e another and the employee was crushed and killed.
caught_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on May 8, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s engaged in steel erection at a multiemployer construction project, a three-sto ry commercial building.  He was working from an articulated boom lift and weldin g a connection between a plate and an overhead steel beam.  Employee #1 became c aught between the boom lift and the beam.  He sustained crushing injuries to his head and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on May 23, 2019,  Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in site clearing for a new road.  He was clearing dirt and debris fr om the rotating tracks of an excavator when his right hand became caught in a ro tating track.  Four fingers were amputated.  The employee was transported to the hospital for treatment of the amputations but was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on May 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as taking a break from his work at a heavy construction site.  He was sitting on a trunnion beam that had been removed from a dredge and placed on the shore.  W hen he stood up and prepared to walk forward, the beam shifted and tilted forwar d, catching and pressing against his leg.  Emergency services were called, and E mployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a l eg fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:20 a.m. on September 21, 2018, an employee was on the roof of a single fami ly home to measure the roof peak for a cap. At some point, the employee fell fou rteen feet off the roof and sustained multiple fractures to his face.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 12, 2017, Employee #1, a Septic Tank Technician, bent ov er and reached down into the motor housing and aerator handle, before losing his balance. He slipped and become trapped, in an inverted position, in an extensio n riser for almost 26 hours.  With overnight temperatures dropping below 30 degr ees Fahrenheit, and Employee #1 wearing only a hooded sweatshirt, shorts, and wo rk boots.  Upon admission into the hospital, he was diagnosed with hypothermia, then placed in a medical induced coma, and then transferred to a rehabilitation facility for dialysis and therapy.
electrocution_fatal	On the evening of October 11, 2006, Employee #1 and his foreman, of M & M Power, LLC, were installing 120-volt slide dimmers, exit lights, motion sensors, and monorail track lighting at a newly renovated office space in Baltimore, MD. Employee #1 was installing a light switch in a storage room when he was electrocuted. He had not turned off the power to the area where work was being performed, and he was not wearing electrical safety gloves. Electrical work was normally performed Monday through Friday from 6:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.; it had begun at this location during the week of July 30, 2006, and was at the final inspection phase at the time of the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in framing work at a multiemployer construction project, a new two -story house.  A crane was being used to lower trusses onto the roof.  A truss f ell from the crane onto the roof and shook the house.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee # 1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on December 23, 2016, and employee was preparing to remove a light fixture and replace a lighting ballast for a fluorescent lighting system.  The employee fell from a ladder, struck the concrete floor and sustained internal fr acture/bleeding.  The employee went into a coma and died.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 am on May 3, 2019, an employee was stacking scaffolding sections when a section fell and hit his arm. The employee was hospitalized with a puncture woun d to his arm.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on February 15, 2017, an employee was working inside of an empty je t fuel tank that was under repair. After working from a scaffold system to take radiographic X-ray shots of welds on the side of the tank, he accessed an extens ion ladder. As he descended, the ladder shifted to the right. However, he remain ed attached to the scaffold by a rope tie. The employee fell from the ladder and struck the bottom of the tank, sustaining fractures to his neck of femur. The e mployee was hospitalized, where he received treatment for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 1, 2007, Employee #1 was pulling cable and drilling holes to install lugs on an energized 277/480-volt electrical panel. An arc flash occured and he sustained flash burns to his eyes, face, and neck, for whihc he was hospitalized. The electrical panel had not been de-energized and Employee #1 was not utilizing the appropriate electrical personal protective equipment.
fall_fatal	At 12:03 a.m. on February 12, 2018, a truck driver was filling a tanker truck wi th asphalt. As the employee was standing on the tanker's top platform, he fell a pproximately 11 feet and struck his head on the ground. The employee suffered a contusion to his brainstem and spinal cord; fractured cervical vertebra; and cra niocervical dislocation. He was transported to a nearby hospital, where he later died from his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 6, 2018, an employee was working for a temporary staffin g agency. He was using a hoisting apparatus to move a steel plate from a drill p ress. The steel plate was 0.91 meters (36 inches) long, 102 millimeters (4 inche s) wide, and 57 millimeters (2.25 inches) thick. It weighed 360 kilograms (800 p ounds). The hoisting apparatus was a hoist crane, supported by (or equipped with ) "shoes." The metal plate was not secured to the shoes. The steel plate slipped from the shoes. As it fell, it caught the employee between the plate and the wo rk table, crushing his leg. The employee sustained a fracture to his right leg b elow the knee and above the ankle. He was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on March 30, 2018, Employee #1 and two coworkers, laborers employe d by a construction framing company, were working at a multiemployer job site, t he construction of an eight-story multifamily residence.  They were engaged in h ousekeeping, clearing debris from work areas and moving it to a ground level tra sh container.  Employee #1 was on the edge of a second floor balcony and throwin g debris over a wood guardrail when he fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitte d, and treated for unspecified injuries to his leg.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:50 a.m. on May 21, 2019, Employee #1, a coworker operating a Gradall forkli ft, and a superintendent, employed by a construction company, were removing a li ght pole from a parking lot roundabout.  The coworker used the forklift to remov e and lower the pole to the ground.  Employee #1 lifted the end of the pole to s hift it off a planter box, and the pole slid down the dirt pile, trapping and cr ushing three of  Employee #1's left hand fingers between the pole and the forkli ft.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was ad mitted for treatment of devascularizing crush injuries to the fingers.  The empl oyee required hospitalization for eight days.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on July 16, 2003, Employee #1, of Par Electrical Contractors, was in a bucket truck working on a utility pole in Vista, CA. One of the phase conductors on the pole struck against the span guy cable, energizing it with approximately 2,400 volts, phase to ground. Employee #1 sustained burns on his right arm and hand when he contacted the energized cable.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 16, 2019, an employee stood on a ladder to paint a post. At some point, the employee fell approximately eight feet and was hospitalized t o treat a lumbar vertebra fracture and a spinal cord injury.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on November 19, 2021, an employee worked on a roof removing existin g metal decking. While working, the employee fell approximately twenty-three fee t through a section of roof decking, fractured his skull, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 27, 2004, Employee #1 was troubleshooting a control panel when he contacted an energized, 4,160-volt switchgear. He was hospitalized for treatment of severe burn.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:50 p.m. on November 5, 2010, Employee #1 was installing a new residential gutter system. Employee #1 was working on a ladder near live overhead power lines. While maneuvering a 32-foot metal extension ladder, Employee #1 contacted the overhead power lines, resulting in electrocution. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at 2:54 p.m.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on February 21, 2018, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a co nstruction company, were engaged in landscaping work at a six-story residential structure.  Coworker #1, the operator of a Takeuchi Track Loader, Serial Number 200802225, was attempting to release the loader's dirt bucket attachment in orde r to attach the forks.  He was unable to move the release lever.  Employee #1, i n an effort to assist his coworker, used a piece of wood to strike and release t he lever.  The lever released the dirt bucket, and the bucket fell and landed on Employee #1's left foot.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was t ransported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured ankle.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 8, 2006, Employee #1 was standing on a 2 ft ladder to hang wallpaper covering in a Las Vegas hotel room. Employee #1 accidentally made contacted with some energized conductors and was knocked off the ladder and fell into a bath tub. Employee #1 was hospitalized for unspecified injuries.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on July 3, 2017, an employee completed delivery of sod with a forkl ift and was loading the forklift back onto its trailer when he lost control. The employee was struck by the forklift and fell to the ground. The employee was fo und dead on the ground next to the forklift.
electrocution_fatal	On September 17, 2014, an employee was preparing to connect a flexible gas line to a central heater pipe with a crescent wrench in an older house crawl space. H e did not respond to the supervisor who was applying a back wrench to the heater line.  The supervisor received an electrical shock twice when he touched the ne w flexible line.  His death was considered to be an apparent electrocution.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on December 14, 2018, an employee was cutting a piece of metal fla t bar with a horizontal band saw and amputated a finger when it struck against t he saw blade.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on January 5, 2010, Employee #1 was operating a Ryobi 10-inch portable table saw, Serial Number N051715470, when the wood jumped. Employee #1's left hand struck the unguarded saw blade, resulting in amputation of the middle finger, and partial amputation of the index finger.
caught_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on January 1, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker were working at the site of a commercial building demolition.  Employee #1 was standing on a second -story cement work surface and using a two-gallon spray pump to spray water on t he surface and clear the dust being created by his coworker, who was operating a masonry saw.  A  concrete slab measuring approximately 7 feet by 6 feet broke f ree underneath Employee #1's feet, causing him to fall and become trapped beneat h the concrete at ground level.  Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on January 17, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a gutters company, w as working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story multifamily resi dential structure.  He was working from a ladder and attempting to hoist a 53-fo ot section of aluminum gutter for installation.  The gutter came into contact wi th a 13 kilovolt electrical power line.  A surge of electrical power travelled t hrough the gutter to Employee #1, who was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 9, 2022,, an employee was using a manual cutter to cut a 10 foot, 3.5 inch diameter metal pipe when he stood up from a crouching position, stumbled, and slid to the floor. The employee was pronounced dead on the scene b y emergency services.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 28, 2017, Employee #1, a foreman employed by a construction company, was engaged in demolition work at a three-story commercial building. He was standing on a 5-foot mobile scaffold and operating a reciprocating saw to cut horizontal duct work.  As he cut through the duct work, which was not secur ed, the duct work swung and struck Employee #1's head and face and the scaffold. Employee #1 fell to the concrete floor, a fall height of 5 feet, and sustained additional head trauma.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He died at the hospital on July 16, 2017.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 6, 2018, an employee was working for a temporary staffin g agency. He was using a hoisting apparatus to move a steel plate from a drill p ress. The steel plate was 0.91 meters (36 inches) long, 102 millimeters (4 inche s) wide, and 57 millimeters (2.25 inches) thick. It weighed 360 kilograms (800 p ounds). The hoisting apparatus was a hoist crane, supported by (or equipped with ) "shoes." The metal plate was not secured to the shoes. The steel plate slipped from the shoes. As it fell, it caught the employee between the plate and the wo rk table, crushing his leg. The employee sustained a fracture to his right leg b elow the knee and above the ankle. He was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 26, 2022, an employee, a forklift operator, was using a forklift to unload pallets of decorative metal from a Kenworth, 3-Axle Tractor T railer that was parked on the street in front of the site. The employee lifted t he last pallet of decorative metal from the east side of the truck, the previous pallets had been removed from the west side. The employee had the pallet on the forks, however, he was not able to maneuver the load due to the position of the forklift between the truck and facility driveway. The employee instructed the d river of the truck to pull forward to allow forward movement of the forklift.  W hen the truck was moving forward, the tip of the forks contacted the metal bar t hat secures the curtain to the back of the truck causing the forklift to overtur n. The employee fell from the forklift and was caught between the ground and the forklift.  The employee was transported to a local hospital, where he was treat ed for a lower leg fracture and released.
struck_fatal	At approximately 5:45 p.m. on March 27, 2020, an employee was walking on driver' s side of truck to the back end. An explosion occurred causing side and the rear of tank to rupture, and the employee was struck by flying metal from side of th e exploding tank. The employee was, then,  killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on July 20, 2017, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a roofing c ompany, were engaged in roofing work at a residential building construction site .  They were installing roof shingles when lightning struck the roof and made co ntact with all three employees.  Emergency services were called to transport the injured employees to the hospital for treatment of electrical shock and burns. The subsequent investigation report indicated that Employees #1 and #2 required admission and hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At approximately 6:15 a.m. on April 9, 2014, Employee #1 was walking through an area where a front end loader was being operated when he was struck and killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 a.m. on August 22, 2017, an employee was placing traffic signs in the HO V Lanes. At 2:30 a.m.  a pickup truck from a Construction Corporation collided h ead-on with a dump truck in a designated work zone, traveling 45 miles per hour. The pickup truck was occupied by three employees.  The driver of the pickup was fatally injured and the two others employees were transported to a local hospit al with serious, but non-life-threating injuries. The driver of the dump truck d id not seek any medical treatment. There were no witnesses to the accident other than those who were involved.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:25 a.m. on December 17, 2019, an employee was working as a flagger and was directing the placement for a metal stair landing.  The employee was struck at t he hip area and was knocked down the metal stairs when the material straps were not choked and the landing fell.  The employee sustained bilateral hip fractures and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:35 a.m on July 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at a multiemployer construction project, a seven-story building.  He was operating a handheld roto-hammer drill, Bosch Model RH328VC-36, and chipping away concrete slough from the floor at the bottom of a concrete bollard.  The t ool torqued, and Employee #1's left hand, which was gloved as recommended by the manufacturer, was caught and pinched.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the am putation of his left pinky finger.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 24, 2019, an employee and coworker were at the bottom o f a twenty-foot trench to install a new storm pipe segment. The pipe segment was held a foot from the bottom of the trench by metal chains wrapped around the pi pe at each end. As the employee worked to align the pipe to the next segment, th e employee placed his right hand near the end of the pipe where the chain wrappe d around the pipe. At some point, the chain broke, fell and caught the employee' s right hand ring and pinky fingers. The chain amputated the ring and pinky fing ers of the employee. The employee was hospitalized for over four days where one of the amputated fingers was surgically reattached.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on June 9, 2020, an employee, a truck driver, was walking in area w hen he was covered by garbage. The employee suffocated under the garbage and die d.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:38 p.m. on July 23, 2002, Employee #1 and his coworker were working on the neon light of an electric sign. Both employees were working in an attic behind the sign. An extension ladder was used for access to the attic through an opening in the ceiling. Just before the accident, Employee #1 replaced a bad transformer, a gas tube transformer, 15030-og-120 V, with a new transformer, neon transformer, primary 120 volts and secondary-15000 volts. The power to the entire sign system was turned off at the main switch. After replacing the transformer, Employee #1 checked the proper function of the new transformer, so he used jumpers (3-wire attachment plug with three alligator clips) to power the transformer by using an extension cord connected to an electrical receptacle inside the store. After connecting the jumper cables to the extension cord, Employee #1 asked his coworker to go and check to see if the sign lights were working. Employee #1's coworker went outside and came back in to inform him that the lights were not working. The coworker saw the light on the sign flicker twice and he heard Employee #1 yell several times. The coworker ran into the work area, where he saw the Employee #1 sitting on the floor holding the jumper cables in his left hand and his legs over a flexible conduit. The coworker stated that the victim was breathing very hard and could not talk. The coworker disconnected the jumper cables from the extension cord and Employee #1 fell to the floor. The coworker informed the owner, who called emergency personnel. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 a.m. on June 16, 2021, an employee assisted a coworker to clean up traff ic cones and signage to reopen a lane closure. The coworker operated a Pickup tr uck (Dodge Diesel 55 Pickup Truck Crew Cab) in reverse down the highway as the e mployee picked up traffic cones. The coworker stopped the pickup briefly to veri fy the location of two cones, re-entered the pickup and continued to operate the vehicle in reverse. Meanwhile, the employee attempted to cross behind the picku p, going from the rear, passenger side to the rear, driver's side of the truck. The employee was struck by the rear bumper, knocked to the ground, and then run over by the truck and killed due to crushing injuries to the upper body and head .
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on July 29, 2020, an employee was sawing wood pieces with a Delta T able Saw when he struck the unguarded blade. The employee amputated four fingers and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on July 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as engaged in interior masonry work at a multiemployer construction project, a 2 6-story commercial building.  He was cleaning up his work area when he went to r emove a floor hole cover.  As he picked up the cover, he stepped forward and fel l into the hole, a fall height of approximately 15 feet.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on May 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s engaged in a reroofing project at a two-story residential building.  He was st anding on a roof jack and raking old shingles off the roof.  He inadvertently pu lled out the roof jack's anchor point with the rake.  The roof jack fell, and Em ployee #1 fell with it.  Employee #1 sustained fatal head and body injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:15 p.m. on January 23, 2020, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contrac tor, was engaged in electrical work at a one-story school.  He was wiring a ligh ting fixture into a junction box.  Lockout had not been performed, and the circu it had not been tested.  The employee made contact with live current.  The emplo yee sustained electric shock and burns, and then fell from a height.  He was hos pitalized for treatment of his injuries.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 14, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, a forklift opera tor, were working on a commercial construction project.  Employee #1 was removin g bolts from a bin jack attached to a 6,300 lbs., (center ring for the roof of a digester tank).   The coworker lowered the center ring section of a large diges ter tank to a Jib of a fully extended, JCB 512 rough terrain, forklift and Emplo yee #1 then placed himself under the galvanized center ring of the 6,300 lbs. ri ng.  As Employee #1 pried on the bin jack to remove a bolt, the bolt finally bec ame free and the rough terrain forklift center and outer ring then fell on and c rushed Employee #1 on the concrete floor below. The coworker then worked to try to move the boom and the ring off of Employee #1; however, after being crushed b y the weight of the steel ring, Employee #1 then sustained fatal injuries to the chest and head and was killed.
fall_fatal	On January 9, 2016 at 10:38 a.m. Employee #1 was killed when working for a frami ng company that was contracted to install wood framing in a one story building. On the day of the accident at approximately 10:38 a.m. Employee# 1 was installin g rafters onto a wall inside a one story building when he fell from a ladder ont o a pool deck and into an empty 4.5 foot deep swimming pool hitting his head at the bottom of an empty concrete pool.  Emergency services (911) was called and t he Fire and Paramedics arrived on the scene and transported Employee #1 to the h ospital and he was pronounced dead.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 13, 2002, Employee #1 was connecting two pieces of PVC pipe that had just been glued when he inadvertantly pushed a metal pry bar into the concrete-encased underground electrical service. This caused an electrical short circuit and he received a 4,000 volt electric shock. He sustained injuries but did not require hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At approximately 7:15 a.m. on December 23, 2020, an employee was waiting for the equipment to be brought to him for inspection.  A gun fell out of a lubricator that was suspended by a crane. The gun hit the ground vertically then toppled ov er and hit the employee on the head. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on January 23, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in the construction of a one-story residential structure.  He was on the roof and inspecting the decking nail patterns.  He had not tied-off with his rope.  The employee slipped off the structure, falling 13 feet 2 inches to the surface.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment of a fractured right h eel.
electrocution_fatal	On July 28, 2005, Employee #1, a versatile employee who did various jobs of Emerson Trailers, Incorporated, was welding trailer gates. He was welding using a Wire Feed, Arc Welding Machine. Employee #2 was in the room, but did not observe what happened. He stated he heard Employee #1 cry out. When he turned around, Employee #1 was on the floor. Other coworkers ran to see what happened and two coworkers started administering CPR. Emergency services arrived, took over CPR, and transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he later died. An investigation into the incident found that the welding machine was in the "on" position, and that the 50 Amp electrical breaker, which served the circuit to the welding machine, had been tripped. It was noted that Employee #1 did not have his welding hood on. He did have his work gloves on, but the welding gun was not in his hand. The OSHA investigation revealed that the electrical conductors (2 hot and 1 neutral), inside of the male attachment plug for the welding machine, were not securely connected to their terminal points. The visible evidence of burns inside of the attachment plug and the melting of the individual strands of the neutral conductor indicated that the neutral conductor came out of its terminal point inside of the attachment plug and it made contact with a hot (energized) wire that was also inside of the attachment plug. This contact allowed current to flow through the neutral conductor and back down to the equipment grounding attachment location, which was on the metal frame inside of the welding machine. The frame of the welding machine became energized and so did any metal parts of the welding machine that were in contact with the metal frame. The welding machine was sitting on the floor next to a tin wall, when the incident occurred. There were two electrical burn marks on the tin wall, which matched up perfectly with two electrical burn marks that were on the side of the welding machine which was facing towards the tin wall. It was believed that Employee #1 made contact with the energized welding machine and he received an initial electrical shock. He either fell against the welding machine, causing it to hit the tin wall or both Employee #1 and the welding machine hit the tin wall. When the energized welding machine made contact with the tin wall an, electrical short circuit would have been created that would be sufficient to cause the fifty (50) Amp circuit breaker to trip out.
caught_nonfatal	On September 30, 2008, Employee #1, a truck driver, was operating a Toyota forklift, Model Number 7FGCU25, in the yard of the employer's warehouse. While he was driving the forklift, he came in close proximity to a parked freight truck that had its back door open. Without placing the forklift in neutral, he exited the forklift to close the door. The forklift continued moving forward, pinning Employee #1 against the parked freight truck. Emergency services were contacted and Employee #1 was taken to Saint Francis Medical Center, where he was hospitalized and treated for fractured ribs, as well as a damaged liver and lung. During the accident investigation, Employee #1 stated that he had put the forklift in neutral and set its brakes before exiting, but the forklift continued to move forward anyway.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on November 1, 2018, an employee was preparing to install a transi tion between a wall made of drywall panels and a metal ceiling. At some point, t he employee fell thirteen feet through a two foot by four foot hole in the floor . The employee was hospitalized for multiple fractures to unspecified body parts .
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on May 15, 2019, Employee #1 and his coworker, employed by a const ruction company, were working at the site of a new one-story commercial building .  They were working in a trench that measured approximately 4 feet by 6 feet by 7 feet deep and trying to locate a buried conduit that powered two light fixtur es.  The trench walls were nearly vertical.  Employee #1 was working on his knee s and his coworker was standing on his feet when the south trench wall caved in. Employee #1 was buried to his shoulders, and his coworker was buried to his wa ist.  The coworker had a shovel nearby and dug himself free, then proceeded to d ig out Employee #1.  The coworker then lifted Employee #1 by his rear side belt and helped lift him out of the trench.  The coworker unhooked the mini excavator trailer from the pickup and drove Employee #1 to the hospital instead of callin g for emergency services or summoning help from elsewhere on the jobsite.  Emplo yee #1 was admitted at the hospital and treated for a fractured clavicle, three fractured ribs, a collapsed lung, a punctured lung, and two fractured vertebrae. The coworker was uninjured.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:38 p.m. on June 8, 2012, Employee #1, a maintenance mechanic, was evaluating a thermal sealer (Model Number 24AS72, Serial Number 24-156). He was performing routine maintenance on the machine, and he inadvertently activated it by stepping on its foot pedal. The moving parts of the machine caught the tip of his right index finger, which resulted in its amputation. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was hospitalized for postoperative care.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:48 p.m. on June 30, 2016, an employee was troubleshooting an inoperable tax iway edge light assembly at Westchester County Airport in White Plains, NY.  The employee was disconnecting the taxiway edge light assembly, while the electrica l system was energized, as part of testing to determine why it did not illuminat e.  Employee was electrocuted with approximately 5,000 volts AC and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 17, 2017, an employee was standing on a scaffold system whil e signaling a crane to place pre-fab roof panels into place. The scaffold was un guarded and the employee fell to the ground, suffering internal injuries and a l acerated heart, resulting in his death.
caught_fatal	At 5:30 a.m. on February 20, 2021, an employee began to prepare a forklift for t he day's work. The employee started the forklift and began to move the tines whe n the forklift began to roll backwards. The employee attempted to jump into the forklift, but was caught between the side of the forklift and an Eco-pan and kil led by crushing injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on May 9, 2017, an employee and coworker were cleaning debris out o f a vacuum unit. The employee was spraying out the tank through an open gate. Th e employee was between the gate and the gate frame using a power washing attachm ent. The coworker closed the gate while the employee was between the gate and th e gate frame. The employee was caught between the gate and the gate frame on the tank of the vacuum unit. The coworker opened the gate after about 15 to 20 seco nds and the employee fell to the ground. The employee sustained a liver lacerati on and spleen damage.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:44 a.m. on June 6, 2002, Employee #1, of Simplex Grinnell, was installing a fire alarm in the duct detector at Building G. He was on the second rung of an 8 ft ladder, and fit himself in a 12 in. square opening in the ceiling. Employee #1 was stripping the second wire when he received a 160-volt electric shock. He fell off the ladder to the ground. Employee #1 was complaining of back pain and was transported by paramedics to the Henry Mayo Hospital. He was kept for observation for two hours, and was treated with IBUPROFEN for the back pain.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on October 11, 2018, Employees#1 was operating the stabilizer, del ivering and unloading roofing materials. He reached between the flat bed and the stabilizer, while it was moving up, to grab a chain and attach it to the stabil izer for securing purposes. His hand became caught and pinned against the flat b ed.  The employee sustained a right arm fracture and a laceration to his left le g. He was hospitalized for three days.
struck_nonfatal	On July 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged i n reroofing activity at a two-story residence.  He and coworkers were stripping shingles when he fell from the roof, a fall height of 17 feet, and landed on the concrete surface.  The employee was hospitalized with a serious head injury.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:21 p.m. on May 13, 2015, an employee was walking across a roof when lightni ng struck a direct hit.  The employee suffered fatal burns to head and was elect rocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 18, 2019, an employee worked from a steel beam conducting measurements with a tape measure. The employee fell and received fractures to th e vertebrae and sternum, and a head laceration and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on August 12, 2019, an employee was digging with a pole digger and hit a underground power line. The employee suffered electric shock and was hospi talized for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on February 20, 2012, Employee #1 a forklift operator dismounted the Hytser 60 Forklift to repair a previously set shipping load on t he flatbed truck. The employee did not lower the forks nor set the park brake be fore dismount. While standing on the floor, on the left side of the forklift, Em ployee #1 reached across the drivers seat, lowered the forks to the ground and inadvertently hit the forward drive lever. Employee #1 walked to the truck bed s ide and the forklift under idle power caught Employee #1 between the forklift ma st and the truck bed side rail. Employee #1 was struck and pinned between the fo rklift truck and was left unattended on the flatbed truck. Employee #1 sustained a crushed abdomen.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 10, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in renovation work at a two-story residential structure.  He was wo rking from a flat roof and sanding the adjacent exterior wall in preparation for repainting the wall.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 15.5 feet, and struck his head on the concrete surface, resulting in a laceration of at least three in ches and severe bleeding.  Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 31, 2006, Employee #1, a residential homeowner and the sole proprietor of his own company, was installing an electrical controller when he was electrocuted. Subsequent investigation revealed that he had not turned off the electricity. There was no inspection because of a lack of jurisdiction.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 29, 2018, an employee was placing safety barrels on an un marked shoulder of Route 24 at mile marker 65.5, a two lane highway, and began p lacing several barrels across both lanes.  The employee left his vehicle and was struck by a motor vehicle.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on February 16, 2015, an employee was struck and run over by a fro nt end loader that had backed up after picking up some cribbing from the ground. The employee had his chest and head crushed when the front end loader ran over him, killing him onsite.
struck_fatal	At about 1:45 p.m. on August 28, 2014, Employee #1, a truck driver, was loading a metal bin containing recyclable aluminum radiators on a roll-off truck. The el evated hoist became entangled with an overhead telecommunication line.  Employee #1 climbed onto the roll-off hoist to free the line.  Once freed, the tension i n the communication line caused Employee #1 to fall from the hoist.  Employee #1 was killed when he head struck the metal frame to the automatic tarp system on the truck.
struck_fatal	At 9:20 a.m. on September 18, 2018, an employee had entered an area to retrieve a plywood sheet.    A stack of six  9-ft and twenty 12-ft OSB sheets that were s tacked on end fell on the employee, resulting in severe head trauma. The employe e was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 7, 2017, an employee was cutting wood on a Craftsman t able saw to make a stool.  The employee struck his fingers on the saw blade when a piece of wood kicked back.  He partially amputated his index finger and lacer ated the four remaining ones.  Hospitalization was not required.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on June 3, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a bridge and highway cons truction company, was working at a bridge construction project that involved use of a crane.  He and coworkers added a section of boom to the crane.  As the emp loyee was pulling the pin on the gantry, he had his thumb on the inside of the r im of the pin.  The weight of the cables moved the boom slightly and pinched his thumb in the hole.   The end of the thumb was amputated.  The employee received medical treatment for the partial amputation but was not hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on February 25, 2019, an employee climbed an extension ladder to wo rk. At some point, for an unknown reason, the employee lost balance and fell fro m the ladder. The employee was taken to a local hospital to treat a wrist fractu re.
struck_fatal	At 11:12 p.m. on May 8, 2015, Employee #1 was coming from the bag room driving a ground service equipment (tow tractor baggage tug) that was towing three empty carts traveling northwest on the air field vehicle service road. Employee #2 was also driving a ground service equipment (tow tractor baggage tug) that was towi ng two empty carts traveling east to west on the same air field vehicle service road. The air field service vehicle service road has two lanes.  Two ground serv ice equipment (tow tractor baggage tug) used to pull luggage carts collided and it was raining.  The ground service equipment can travel at speeds up to 15 mph. Employee #1 was ejected from a baggage tug vehicle and was killed from multiple injuries. Employee #2, the operator of a second baggage tug vehicle received a laceration to the rear of the head. Employee #1 was driving toward Employee #2's baggage tug vehicle, and to avoid a head on collision, Employee #2 veered the b aggage tug vehicle to the left. Employee #1's baggage tug vehicle struck one of the empty luggage carts that Employee #2's baggage tug vehicle was pulling. Empl oyee #1 and Employee #2 were not wearing seatbelts at the time of the accident.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:24 a.m. on May 3, 2009, Employee #1 was placing a pallet of product in the aisle way of a Walmart Distribution Center. As she was maneuvering around another pallet of product, she got pinned between a shelf and the powered equipment's steering handle. The employee sustained a swollen right hip/leg injury and was taken to Sierra View Hospital in Porterville, California. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:50 a.m. on April 13, 2018, an employee was using a scissor lift while remo ving sheet metal from a building and was elevated approximately 15 feet when the extended cantilever collapsed.  The employee fell to the ground and was hospita lized with a fractured right wrist and several ribs, and suffered lacerations to his head, elbow, and arms.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on October 17, 2018, an employee was working for a firm that engage d in general warehousing and storage. He was using a bar to open the door of a r ailroad car, when the bar he was using popped out of his hands. The employee fel l. As he fell, he hit his head on the car. Then, his right arm became caught in the unguarded tail pulley of a mobile conveyor being used to move material from the car. The employee sustained a broken ulna and damage to ligaments, arteries, and nerves in his right arm. He was hospitalized for two or more days.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 18, 2017, an employee was walking on purlins of a roof, lacing insulation, when a portion of the 2 inch by 4 inch purlin broke. The empl oyee fell to the ground and fractured his neck. He was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on June 22, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ompany, was working at a multiemployer construction site.  He squatted down and opened an energized high voltage (12.8KV) ground-level electrical box that was t o be removed and replaced with another box that would be underground.  An arc fl ash occurred, and Employee #1 was burned in the flash and fire.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitt ed and treated for burns to his face, ear, neck, shoulder, armpit, and arm.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 11, 2019, an employee worked to install drywall at a ve terinary clinic remodel. The employee was standing on a Baker's scaffold when, f or an unknown reason, the employee lost consciousness and fell approximately ten feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat a skull fracture, three "brain ble eds" and a right finger fracture.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on April 6, 2010, an employee was pouring concrete sidewalks. The employee had flipped a metal chute section over with his left hand, which then landed on top of the small finger of his right hand. This caused his right hand to be caught in between both chutes. The employee's right small finger was partially amputated. The Employee was transported to FIRM, which was the employer's health care provider and then to a Hand Specialist. The employee was not hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	 Employee #1, a dump truck operator for Brown Transport Incorporated, was dumping scrap metal from the truck he was operating. The truck's trailer made contact with overhead power lines. Employee #1 was electrocuted when he exited the truck's cab.
caught_fatal	On September 15, 2009, Employee #1 was standing on a template platform and watching the pile driving operation for a concrete piling. The bottom of the lead became dislodged from its connection. The piling lead struck Employee #1 in the face and head. He became caught between the cross brace of the lead and a concrete piling that had previously been driven. Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	Employee #1 was using a drill to insert fasteners into place, fastening the roofing material to the deck.  Two coworkers were located within Employee #1's line of sight some distance away.  Employee #1 stood up after installing the fasteners, and then fell over the roof edge approximately 25 feet to the ground.  The nature of Employee #1's injuries was not specified in the original narrative.
electrocution_fatal	On May 21, 2009, Employee #1 was working for electronics component manufacturer. Employee #1 had complained to her coworkers that she received an electric shock from her work station. Coworkers noticed that Employee #1 did not look well and assisted her to the cafeteria. Emergency medical services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where she later died.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 25, 2008, Employee #1 was working on a scaffold and came into contact with a power line. Employee #1 fell approximately 35 to 40 ft from the scaffold to the ground. Employee #1 was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:48 a.m. on June 18, 2013, Employee #1 was working as an apprentice plumber for a plumbing contractor. He was working at a construction project for a new attraction at Universal Studios in Universal City, CA He was carrying a folded hydraulic trench shore system with attached vertical rails from one area of the site to a trench elsewhere on the site. The shore was made of aluminum. It had dimensions of 22 inches (0.56 meters) by 36 inches (0.91 meters). The design of the trench shore was such that a shear point was created at two 4-inch (100-millimeter) positions on the 60-inch (1.52-meter) rails when the shore system was unfolded. Employee #1 placed the shore on 60-inch (1.52-meter) rails on the ground. As he did this, the system slightly unfolded, pinching the tips of the ring and middle finger of his left hand between the system rails and the cylinder base. The two fingers were pinched between a hydraulic cylinder on the shore and a vertical plate. Employee #1's supervisor was about 100 feet (30.5 meters) away from the site of the injury. Another coworker was installing pipe about 15 feet (4.6 meters) away from Employee #1. He saw Employee #1 moving shores, and when he later heard him yell, he saw that Employee #1 had injured his hand. Employee #1's skin was traumatically removed to the bone. Employee #1 was transported to Saint Joseph Medical Center, where the tips of two left fingers were amputated. It was necessary that the bone be surgically removed to close the injury. At 5:06 p.m. on June 18, 2013, the employer notified the Division of the injury. The injury was reported to the Division as required. The Division began an investigation at 11:00 a.m. on June 28, 2013. This injury was not caused by a violation of a Title 8 Standard. Employee #1 was trained, the employer had an operative safety program, and the site was controlled by a general contractor and a facility owner with active involvement and safety programs.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 21, 2017, Employee #1 employed by a construction and excav ation company, was installing a culvert.  He was operating a concrete saw and cu tting concrete pipe when the saw kicked back and struck Employee #1 in the chin and chest. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for lacerations to his chest and chin, and the loss of two teeth.
electrocution_fatal	On August 3, 2007, Employee #1, of BrenMar Construction, Inc., was at the P. H. Glatfelter Company to repair the fan on the boiler. He was to use a 460/575 volt, three-phase, Miller XMT304 portable arc welder, serial #LA284630, which his employer had brought to the site. However, the welder was not equipped with a plug. A BrenMar supervisor at the site consulted with a Glatfelter supervisor, and they decided to have a Glatfelter maintenance person wire a plug onto the welder's power cord, which was common practice at many host facilities, including this site. Glatfelter actually provided a cord known to be compatible with their outlets and within the voltage range of the welder. The Glatfelter maintenance worker wired the plug to the cord but, unknowingly, wired the grounding conductor to one of the hot terminals, and a hot one to the ground terminal. The maintenance worker did not plug in the welder. When the welder unit was plugged in, Employee #1 touched the frame of the welder and was electrocuted. According to Brenmar, Glatfelter and to Miller Electric Manufacturing Company, which manufactures the unit, the equipment power cord can be wired with any plug that is compatible with the outlets available at the worksite, provided the plug is within the rated voltage of the welder.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 p.m. on January 23, 2017, an employee was picking up an order using an electric pallet jack.  The employee was struck by the powered lift when he stepp ed of it to pick up a case from a grocery pick slot.  The employee was pinned by the pallet lift against a structural racking column when it continued to move. The employee sustained a fractured pelvis and was taken to the hospital to be t reated for their injuries.  The employee was hospitalized and treated for his in juries.
caught_fatal	Employee reached into boom area to allegedly repair an hydraulic issue with the crane boom.  An immediate loss of hydraulic fluid for the boom lines caused the boom to slam downward crushing the employee between the boom and the truck frame . The employee sustained a fractured vertebrae and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 22, 2019, Employee #1, the carpentry foreman, and Empl oyee #2, the project superintendent, employed by a construction company, were co nducting a walk-through of a new two-story residential structure to evaluate pro gress on the interior construction work.  They were descending a set of temporar y stairs from the upper level to the first floor when the stairs collapsed.  Bot h employees fell, a fall height of approximately 15 feet, and struck the basemen t surface.  Emergency services transported the employees to the hospital.  Emplo yee #1 was admitted for treatment of traumatic head injuries, including a concus sion and facial nerve damage.  Employee #2 was treated for a fractured wrist and released without hospitalization.
fall_fatal	On March 27, 2014, Employee #1, a roofer employed by Detail Services, Inc., dba Detail Slate and Tile, was engaged in roofing work at a commercial building. He was on the roof and rolling out ice and water shield barrier paper. The paper was placed over 3-foot by 3-foot holes where skylights were to be installed. After rolling out the paper, Employee #1 returned along the roof. He crossed over one of the holes and fell through the paper and the opening. Employee #1 landed on his head on the concrete floor below, a fall height of 14 feet. Emergency services were called. When emergency responders arrived, they performed lifesaving procedures and transported Employee #1 to Moore Regional Hospital. Employee #1 later was transferred to the University of North Carolina (UNC) Hospital. Medical personnel determined that he had sustained multiple cranial and spinal injuries from which he would not recover. Employee #1 was removed from life-sustaining equipment. He was pronounced brain dead at 2:11 p.m. on March 28, 2014. This fatality was investigated by North Carolina OSHA.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on May 3, 2018, an employee was laying roof decking material on a r oof and fell through an opening.  The employee fell 30 feet to the concrete floo r and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 7, 2017, an employee was transferring his personal belongi ngs from a parked truck that was scheduled for service to a loaner truck. The em ployee was later discovered by a coworker lying face down on the ground in betwe en the cabs of the two truck. The employee was transported to Riverside Communit y Hospital where he was hospitalized and underwent surgery to repair a deep tiss ue injury to his head. However, the employee died on June 9, 2017. The evidence and information gathered during the investigation gave no indication as to the c ause of death.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on June 21, 2017, an employee was pouring concrete in front of a c ement mixer truck. During work, the truck pulled forward approximately 50 feet. The employee was struck by the right side of the truck and became pinned between the truck and a 12 inch drop from the sidewalk. As a result, the employee susta ined a broken ankle, ribs, and pelvis.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 19, 2019, an employee was loading steel beams onto a flatb ed trailer and was struck by a beam that rolled off of the truck, killing him.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 9, 2019, an employee and a coworker were loading approximate ly 12 pieces of various metal composition pipes onto a Ford F-550 with an overhe ad pipe rack with a powered industrial truck. The employee was operating an indu strial power truck with a clamp designed to handle the pipe.  The employee place d the load into the pipe rack, but one pipe did not fit correctly.  The coworker got into a second smaller industrial powered truck and attempted to assist the employee in correcting the problem.  The employee got out of the cab of his powe red industrial truck and climbed onto the back of the Ford F-550 to attempt to m anually adjust the pipe.  The pipe became dislodged, struck the employee in the head, and knocked him off of the bed of the truck to the concrete parking area, where he died.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:15 p.m. on July 26, 2012, Employee #1 and the employer were t ightening bolts and welding inside the second level and front top of a cattle tr ailer (manufactured by Wilson Trailer Company). Employee #1 stepped out of the c attle trailer to get an industrial fan and water because of the hot climate in t he trailer. He used an extension cord and fan to help cool the inside of the tra iler, where the employer was working. Employee #1 then got back out of the trail er and walked around the rear of the trailer to the left side between the traile r and a bench drill machine (space about 14 inches). He was wet from perspiratio n and became wedged between the trailer and the drill machine, he was electrocut ed from a damage extension cord.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on May 29, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a paving company, were working on a road repaving project.  The coworker was operating a widener machine, and Employee #1 was walking alongside the machine and raking as phalt spill back onto the road.  A motor vehicle hit low-hanging telecommunicati ons wires, and the wires fell and came into contact with either the coworker or the machine controls.  The widener shifted into reverse and struck Employee #1, who was pulled under the machine and run over.  Employee #1 sustained crushing i njuries and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on May 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a masonry company, was wo rking at a multifamily residential structure.  In preparation for power washing the building's siding, he began to set up an extension ladder.  The ladder touch ed an overhead power line energized to 8,000 volts, and Employee #1 was shocked and burned.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on February 25, 2021, an employee was removing a deenergized power line from an auxiliary arm. The employee had positioned the bucket of the truck he was working from under 13 kilovolt energized power lines.  After grabbing the deenergized power line with one hand he used his other hand to move the control of the bucket to move it up. The bucket moved up too quickly and he struck the energized power line with his back across the shoulders. The employee was electr ocuted and killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:30 p.m. on March 3, 2017, Employee #1 was pinned between ste el beams and his chest was crushed.  Employee #1 died.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was working on the roof of a school.  He was measuring the roof curb opening when h e fell through the opening, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency services transp orted the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of injur ies that included fractures to the pelvis and multiple ribs.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on July 8, 2014, an employee was working for an electric power dist ribution utility. He was a member of a crew of power line workers. They were tap ping into an existing overhead power line and routing a new power line to a mete r pole located approximately 270 meters (880 feet) away.  The employee was conne cting overhead power lines to a transformer on a utility pole. A transformer had been installed on a dead-end pole next to the meter pole.  As the employee was connecting the transformer to the new power line, the power line became energize d, at 14.4 kV. Protective grounds had not been applied. The employee was electro cuted.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:30 p.m. on February 4, 2010, Employee #1, a truck driver, was working under his tractor trailer to move a sliding tandem prior to unloading his cargo. Employee #1 was part of a husband and wife team. The coworker (wife) was sitting in the driver's seat waiting for a signal that Employee #1 had unjammed a locking pin holding the tandem carriage in place. The pin retracted and was ready for the coworker to move the tractor so that the assembly would slide to the last insertion point. The entire pin assist mechanism was called an E-Z Pull. It had been damaged so that one pin needed to be manually withdrawn from the trailer rail system. The coworker (wife) became concerned when she did not get the expected signal. The coworker went to the rear of the trailer and discovered Employee #1 (her husband), unresponsive in a prone position under the trailer. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at the scene and transported to the hospital. However, blood and scrapes on the tandem carriage and a description of Employee #1's injuries by the medical examiner support a description that Employee #1 was caught between the tandem frame and the trailer bumper during an unexpected equipment movement, and died instantaneously from crushing injuries.
struck_fatal	At 7:45 a.m. on January 10, 2018, Employee #1 was opening a trailer door to remo ve a rope that was attached to the trailer door handle and tied to the lower por tion of the trailer chassis.  While working to remove the rope, a coworker backe d the trailer up until he felt the rear end collide with the dock bumper. Employ ee # 1, who was located between the loading dock and trailer, was crushed and ki lled. Emergency services were called and, upon arrival, pronounced Employee #1 d ead as a result of blunt force injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At 6:15 p.m. on May 10, 2018, Employee #1, a dump truck driver, was emptying asp halt from his truck at a residential property. After dumping the load of asphalt , the owner used a bobcat to spread the asphalt near the entrance of the house, while Employee #1 remained in his truck. Employee #1, who was parked under12.47 kV power line that was approximately 20 feet from the ground, lifted the bed of the truck a second time to off load the remainder of the asphalt from the truck. The truck bed made contact with the overhead power line. An electrical current traveled from the bed of the truck and contacted Employee #1 as he exited the tr uck. Employee #1 was electrocuted and the tuck caught fire.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 25, 2004, an employee was working at the edge of a roof which was being replaced, when he raised a 10-ft-long section of sheet metal drip edge to reveres it's installation alignment. He contacted an energized overhead power line which was located 9 ft above the edge of the roof. The voltage was 7200 volts to ground. He was electrocuted. The coworkers, working at another building, observed the accident and revived the employee. The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on April 14, 2022, an employee was moving along a two-section exte nsion ladder. The employee fell from ladder and was impaled by protruding reinfo rcing steel below him.  The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On September 6, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction co mpany, were working at a job site.  As Employee #1 handed a shovel to his cowork er, his foot became caught in the screed and was crushed .  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for multiple fractures and soft tissue injury.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on November 1, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker were working at a municipal roadway stabilization project.  Employee #1 was the chuck tender and a ssisting his coworker, who was operating a Bobcat #43 Excavator with a TEI MME 2 60 rock drilling attachment and two 10-foot drill rods.  They were drilling a 20 -foot hole into the side of a slope and installing soil nails for slope stabiliz ation.   As they finished drilling a hole, they began to pull the drill rods out so they could reposition the equipment for the next hole.  Once the rods were h alf way out of the hole, they began to break the rods apart.  During this proces s, Employee #1 reached to grab a pipe wrench that had been placed on top of a ro d to prevent the rod from spinning.  The rod broke free, and Employee #1's right index finger was caught and crushed between the wrench and the mast of the dril l attachment.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitte d for treatment of a finger amputation.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:16 p.m. on July 9, 2020, an employee was baling Bermuda grass using a Case IH 115 Tractor and a Hesston 4690 Baler. The employee was operating the tractor when it became stuck. The employee pulled a bent part of the rotator to put it b ack in place when a metal piece broke off and hit his eye. The employee was hosp italized to treat the eye damage.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on March 27, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a masonr y company, were working at a construction project, a 23-story commercial buildin g.  The coworker was operating a forklift, and Employee #1 was walking alongside the moving forklift and holding scaffold parts on the machine's forks.  Employe e #1 tripped, and a forklift tire ran over his legs.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was hospitalized and treated for injuries to his right thigh and left leg.
fall_fatal	At 8:15 a.m. on October 15, 2016, an employee was installing roof felt. The empl oyee slipped on the felt paper and fell onto the asphalt pavement. The employee sustained severe head trauma and was killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 9:00 p.m. on April 23, 2012, Employee #1 was standing on a beam in a sub-base area. This area was located below the hoist platform (also called the frog) and was being lifted into place. The hoist platform was rigged with a chain wrapped through the hoist drum and was lifted by the forks of a rough ter rain forklift. Employee #1 was preparing to pin the outer hinge of the hoist pla tform once the wench was lifted into place. Before the lift was complete and the hoist platform was almost in place to be pinned by Employee #1, who was under t he hoist platform (essentially under a suspended load), the rigging shifted and unhooked from the chain, causing the hoist platform to fall. The hoist platform fell and struck Employee #1, pinning and crushing him between the hinged hoist p latform and a substructure. Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries that killed him.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 20, 2006, Employee #1, a foreman of the Department of Water & Power, City of Los Angeles, was working on a power line. He was 20 feet high at the top of the pole when Employee #1 received an electric shock. After receiving the shock Employee #1 fell unconscious. During the rescue by a coworker, Employee #1 fell 15 feet. Employee #1 was hospitalized for contusion.
caught_fatal	At 5:22 p.m. on March 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was pushing fire breaks using a John Deere 450H Crawler Dozer, Product Identific ation Number T0450HX938061.  He stopped the dozer and exited onto one of the doz er tracks in an attempt to dislodge something caught in the track.  Still standi ng on the track, he reached with his right hand into the cabin and put the dozer into gear.  The dozer moved forward.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell bac k on the track.  He was conveyed forward, thrown in front of the tracks, and run over by the tracks.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on November 16, 2018, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a con struction company, were engaged in framing operations for a new residential stru cture, a multiemployer project.  Employee #1 was setting beams working from the top plate of the first floor walls, while nearby coworkers were using a piece of Oriented Strand Board (OSB) to move materials onto the first floor walls for th e floor sheathing.  As Employee #1 moved to exit the work area, he attempted to use the OSB as a runway to cross the corridor.  The OSB collapsed, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of approximately 9 feet.   He struck his head against the wood framed wall during the fall.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 t o the hospital, where he was treated for a head concussion and a fractured clavi cle/collarbone.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 14, 2018, Employee #1 was operating an overhead crane, movin g a steel beam. The hook malfunctioned, and the load fell, striking the employee on the head and leg. Employee #1 suffered a concussion and leg contusion. He wa s hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 8, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construc tion company, were removing steel roof panels from the flat roof of a three-stor y manufacturing building in preparation for installing a new roof.  The roof pan els measured approximately 1.5 feet wide by 25 feet long.  The removal process e ntailed walking on an aluminum scaffold pick rather than the unsuitable work sur face of the roof panels.  The two employees were required to use a fall protecti on system of self-retracting lifelines attached to metal roof swivel anchors, Pa rt Number 390RSA-01, with shock-absorbing lanyards and harnesses, which were pro vided by the employer.  However, when the employees returned to the roof after a lunch break, they did not attach their harnesses to the lifelines.  As they lif ted a roof panel, one employee at each end of the panel, a gust of wind blew the steel panel onto the employees' legs.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell fr om the scaffold pick, a total fall height of 35 feet.  Employee #1 sustained mul tiple fractures and blunt force trauma and was killed by the fall.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:41 a.m. on September 19, 2014, an employee and three coworker s were tasked with applying crack filler sealant to an asphalt roadway as part o f a mobile road repair operation, walk behind 1 to 2 MPH. During this work, the employer had implemented traffic control devices to include a shadow vehicle tow ing a lighted arrow board directing traffic around the mobile construction site. At approximately 10:00 a.m. on October 14, 2014, a tractor trailer whose operat or reportedly dozed off according to police report, drove into the shadow vehicl e towing the large illuminated arrow board, pushing the unit into and striking t he employee working and walking in the construction zone. The employee suffered severe bodily injuries and was hospitalized for more than three weeks. The emplo yee died on October 13, 2014, 24 days following the incident.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on January 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story commercial bu ilding.  He ascended to the roof to retrieve a board.  Employee #1 fell through the skylight to a wooden deck, a fall height of approximately 14 feet.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for traumatic head injuries.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on February 8, 2021, an employee completed removal of a breakout w rench and began to remove a second breakout wrench when the drill stem the break out wrench was attached to, began to spin. The wrench struck the employee twice, threw the employee underneath the drill stem, and the employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on May 10, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction c ompany, was engaged in forming work for a new one-story commercial building.  He was climbing down a concrete form when he slipped and fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a fractured arm.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:05 p.m. on May 2, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction com pany, were engaged in exterior carpentry work at a residential structure.  They were working from a field-built job box and installing a window when both fell, a fall height of approximately 10 feet.  Emergency services transported the two employees to the hospital, where they were admitted.  Employee #1 was treated fo r multiple fractured ribs.  Employee #2 was treated for a fractured neck.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on September 5, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were performing ca rpentry work at a job site that included a garage, a single-story pump house, an d a residential building.  They were installing plywood on the wall of the pump house, using two step ladders set on a scaffold plank that was resting on top of a horse scaffold (A-frame).  The scaffold was not secured against the wall of t he building, and the scaffold plank was resting at the very top of the scaffold and was not braced or secured.  The stepladders were leaning against the wall of the building, and the ladder footings were resting on the scaffold plank.  The scaffold moved, causing the two employees, the scaffold, and the ladders to fall at least 10 feet and strike the concrete floor.  Employee #1 required hospitali zation and surgery for a fractured right leg femur.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:55 p.m. on June 6, 2018, an employee was providing traffic control as a fla gger on a public road. The employee, wearing a safety vest and holding a stop si gn in a marked construction area (cones and lighted signage), had just stopped t raffic on his side and turned to signal his coworker, who was fifty feet away, t o release their traffic. The coworker signaled for a driver, behind the employee , to pass through the construction area. The driver struck the employee from beh ind as they passed through. The employee was hospitalized with head lacerations and contusions and back fractures.
fall_fatal	At 8:15 p.m. on August 18, 2018, the employee was walking to a ladder while on a residential roof and had been preparing to climb down.  The employee unfastened his safety lanyard and lost his balance, falling off of the top roof and struck a lower roof during his fall to the ground.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 1, 2007, Employee #1 was digging with a conductive tool when he contacted an underground electrical power conduit. He received an electric shock and suffered a first-degree burn. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was kept overnight for observation. He was released the next day and returned to work with no restrictions.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 20, 2016, a worker was erecting a scaffold in an elevator shaft. As he installed the scaffold planking, he fell through an unsecured secti on of railing and struck the elevator pit floor. The worker died as a result of his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 23, 2016, an employee was loading metal panels onto a r oof. The employee was walking on the roof and fell through a skylight. He suffer ed head trauma when he landed on the  concrete floor below, and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 2, 2022, an employee was getting ready to leave the site. The employee, a framer, was standing on the driveway of the residential jobsite, when he was fatally struck by lightning.  The employee died of cardiac arrest.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on June 27, 2017, four employees were pouring a slur ry concrete at a rebar wall against the slope. The scaffold gave way, all four e mployees were injured when scaffold fell and the rebar wall fell on top of the e mployees. The employees suffered from multiple fractures resulting in hospitaliz ation of two employees.
fall_fatal	At 12:10 a.m. on January 26, 2014, an employee was inspecting water pipes in a r estaurant attic.  The employee slipped and fell from the ladder, receiving fatal head injuries upon impact with ground.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:45 p.m. on May 9, 2020, an employee was running conduct for future use by t he company for new equipment. The employee was kneeling in front of an electrica l cabinet putting a nut on the end of the conduit coming up from the bottom of t he cabinet. The employee contacted live parts.  The employee was killed by a 480 -volt electric shock.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on May 2, 2018, Employee #1 and his supervisor, employed by a roofi ng company, were among multiple employees engaged in reroofing activity on the r oof of a two-story residential structure.  Employee #1, who was not using fall p rotection, was receiving instructions from the supervisor.  When Employee #1 mov ed to reposition himself, his tool belt caught on a stack of roofing coverings, and he fell off the roof, a fall height of approximately 13.5 feet.   He was tra nsported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured heel bone and co mpression fractures of two lumbar vertebrae.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on March 29, 2019, an employee removed beams from a rack as part of demolition work. At some point, the rack then fell onto the employee, who was w orking from a scissor lift. The employee was hospitalized to treat a head lacera tion, elbow fracture, left hand contusion, rib fractures, partially collapsed le ft lung and ruptured spleen.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on September 6, 2017, an employee was connecting an aluminum bull float poles together measuring approximately 23 feet in length.  The employee wa s handling the bull float when the pole came into contact with a 34.5 kv overhea d power line, electrocuting him.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 20, 2014, an employee was getting ready to cut a sect ion of the roof using a Garlock Roof Cutter. The employee fell approximately 16 feet and 7 inches to the ground below with the roof cutter partially landing on top of him. The employee was not protected from falling and sustained an interna l hemorrhage, multiple skeletal fractures, lung damage, and blunt trauma, result ing in his death.
caught_nonfatal	On July 19, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2, of DSS Company dba Knife River Construction, were performing trenching excavation work as part of a pipeline installation along a road. They were disconnecting the rigging chains by unbolting the eye bolts from precast concrete box culverts. Coworkers #1 and #2 completed their disconnection. They assumed mistakenly that Employee #1 had finished, as well. The signal was given to the machine operator to boom up. The chains started to lift. Employee #1, who was removing the nut and washer from an eye bolt, sustained a finger amputation when his finger was caught between the washer and the concrete box. He was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for the amputation and released without hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 17, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a const ruction company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a new two -story commercial building.  They were assigned to finish securing the wood trus ses to the building's steel decking.  It had rained for approximately two hours, and the Werner 24-foot fiberglass extension ladder they were using to access th e roof had been exposed to the weather as it sat on the concrete floor for appro ximately three days.  In addition, an inspection had identified that the ladder was set up with the shoe assembly missing one of the rubber anti-slip pads.  The concrete floor was wet and muddy when Employee #1 began to climb the ladder.  T he ladder slipped out from the floor, and Employee #1 and the ladder fell.  Empl oyee #1, who sustained head and back injuries, was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 10:20 p.m. on May 22, 2017, Employee #1 was retrieving his weld ing helmet. After retrieving his welding helmet, he turned around and walked int o a load of 10 slider rails that were being moved to the welding line on a Hyste r 60 forklift. Employee #1 was struck in the face around his nose area and the r ails fell off the forks into the floor and struck his right foot. Employee #1 su ffered multiple injuries in the incident, including a broken nose; lacerations a round nose and lip;  one broken tooth; facial fracture (nose area); scraps on le ft arm; dislocated toe on right foot;  and, right foot fracture. The metal slide r rails were 18 ft long by 8 in. wide. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 10, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a heating and air conditi oning service, was replacing a furnace system at a residential property.  Prior to beginning work, he did not shut off the power to the breaker.  The employee m ade contact with an energized metal-clad cable and sustained an electric shock t o his left arm.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admit ted and treated for the electrical injury.
electrocution_fatal	On January 28, 2003, Employee #1, an experienced Electronic Technician, was in Test Cell Number 9 to check for an oil leak in the engineering Text Fixture. As Employee #1 reached for the oil fill port on top of the pulse tank, his left hand contacted the energized resistor bank. He received an electrical shock and was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was pronounced dead one hour later.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 24, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker were operating stan dup powered industrial trucks in a warehouse/shipping area. After the coworker u sed a powered industrial truck to deliver a load of chair parts into an assigned outgoing lane, Employee #1 pulled up behind the employee and began adjusting hi s equipment controls. As the coworker began backing out of his lane, he ran into Employee #1, who was stepping off his machine. Employee #1's  left leg was caug ht between the two lifts, resulting in a broken leg. He was hospitalized and tre ated for his injury
fall_nonfatal	At 8:05 a.m. on September 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was teaching other employees how to install a blue tarp on a wet roof.  Employee #1 slipped and fell from the roof.  Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for laceratio ns and fractures to his neck.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on November 30, 2018, an employee was working on a ProTeam backpack vacuum while his finger was in the fan blade and it was energized.  The employe e fractured his finger and tore off his finger nail.  Hospitalization was not re quired.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 14, 2021, Employee #1 and three coworkers were engaged i n a training session on how to attach a disc blade assembly (dirt tiller) to a J ohn Deere tractor.  This was occurring during site preparation work for a multif amily residential structure.  During the demonstration, while Employee #1 was st anding in the pinch point of the tractor and the excavator, he directed a cowork er operating the tractor to begin backing up.  The equipment operator let off th e clutch too quickly, the tractor jumped back, and Employee #1 was pushed back a nd pinned between the tractor and the excavator.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitted to treat  a collapsed lung, a fractured shoulder and multiple ribs, and a fractured skull with brain swelling.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 1, 2014, an employee was standing on the edge of a resi dential roof when he stepped backwards.  The employee fell from the roof and the impact of the ground caused fatal blunt force injuries to the head and torso.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 15, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction framing company, were working at a multiemployer construction project for a thr ee-story residential building.  They were on the roof and attempting to set thre e trusses.  They were positioned near the roof's edge, with Employee #1 at one e nd of the largest truss and Employee #2 at the other end.  A strong wind hit the truss and caused it to move.  Employee #1, reacting to the truss movement, jump ed to the ground.  Employee #2 was forced off the roof and fell, and three truss es fell on top of him.  Fall height for both employees was 11 feet.  Emergency s ervices were called, and both employees were transported to the hospital.  Emplo yee #1 was treated for a fractured right leg.  Employee #2 was treated for fract ures to both legs.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 28, 2017, Employee #1, an apprentice electrician, and Coworker #1, a journeyman electrician, both employed by an electrical services company, were engaged in electrical work at a job site.  Coworker #1 was changin g out buss fingers as Employee #1 stood behind and held open the cabinet door. Employee #1 was not wearing protective gloves or other protection.  An electric arc flash occurred, and Employee #1's hand holding the cabinet door was exposed to the flash heat.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transpor ted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for second and third degree bu rns to the back of his left hand.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on March 16, 2019, an employee was cutting a piece of aluminum with a radial arm saw and amputated the tip of his left thumb when he struck it with the saw blade.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on June 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a demolition company, wa s engaged in demolition work at an eight-story commercial building.  He was clea ning and removing debris from a work area when the suspended plaster ceiling abo ve him collapsed.  Employee #1 was crushed and killed by the falling ceiling.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 31, 2022, an employee who worked as an Installer for a interior trim contractor was seriously injured. The employer provides interior t rim such as doors, baseboard and roof hatches. The worksite was a complex of new multifamily residential units. On January 31, 2022, the employee was working wi th a crew of coworkers placing a 4 foot by 4 foot, 200 pound roof hatch onto the roof of a building. As the crew was lifting the roof hatch, the lid opened and caught the employee's thumb between the lid and the frame. The employee was tran sported to the hospital and held overnight due to crowded hospital conditions du e to COVID-19. The employee was seen the next morning, treated and released.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on July 25, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was f illing hot asphalt from a bulk tank.  The stinger hose ruptured, and hot asphalt sprayed onto Employee #1.  Employee #1 was wearing his PPE, and limited specks of the asphalt made contact with his bare skin.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated f or burns.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 7, 2019, an employee was getting ready to roll a six inch p iece of metal through the rolling machine when his glove got caught in the machi ne and pulled his hand into the rollers. The employee was hospitalized to treat amputations to his ring, middle, and index fingers of his left hand.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:05 a.m. on August 31, 2018, an employee was cutting wood with a hand-held grinder. While cutting, the grinder kicked back and struck the employees mouth. The employee received lacerations to mouth and gums and teeth were knocked out.
struck_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on December 20, 2021, an employee removed a wedged chainsaw bound i n a tree using an excavator. As the employee walked away with the chainsaw, the tree fell and struck the employee from behind. The employee received several bon e fractures and contusions that led to death from a heart attack.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on November 1, 2018, an employee was walking in an aisle when he wa s struck by a forklift being driven by a coworker.  The employee fractured sever al bones and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 1, 2013, the employer reported an industrial incident that had initially occurred on April 13, 2013 that later developed into a serious injury on April 22, 2013, when Employee #1 received skin grafts on the hand that was injured. On April 13, 2013, Employee #1, a 64-year-old male electrical engineering and testing technician with B 2 Sales Inc, was installing a 10 in. by 14 in. 12-gauge metal plate on the inside wall of a partially de-energized electrical panel so that a custom meter could be installed for the client. The load side of the panel was separated from the line side with a physical barrier and the main breaker switch was off such that the load side where the plate was to be installed was de-energized. Employee #1 was accompanied by another coworker who was being trained and also by a licensed electrician who had de-energized the line side of the 480-volt panel so that the plate and custom meter could be installed. Employee #1 verified that the power was off and proceeded to install the metal plate onto the inside wall of the panel. As Employee #1 was positioning the plate it into place, it dropped out of his hand and fell against the back side of the panel where it came into contact with the energized buss behind the barrier causing a short and a flash. Employee #1 sustained first and second degree burns to his right hand and forearm and a first degree burn to his cheek and forehead. Employee #1 was treated at an outpatient facility and on April 22, 2013 underwent skin graft surgery on his right hand.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on February 16, 2018, an employee leaned over a snubbing unit on a drilling rig to clear two hydraulic hoses and his rain coat caught on the contro l arm that lowered the unit.  The employee was struck by the snubbing unit as it was lowered and was hospitalized with internal injuries to his liver and kidney as well as several ribs that were bruised.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on November 1, 2021, an employee was driving a truck delivering mat erials (a slab) to a client. The employee was assisting with unloading the mater ials, which was common practice during delivery. The employee was guiding the sl ab while a coworker (client) operating a forklift (powered industrial truck/PIT) was guiding the material. The PIT clamp was not correctly placed on the slab wh ich caused the slab to tip and fall onto the employee's right leg. The employee incurred a compound fracture of his leg and required hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on May 22, 2018, an employee was horizontally drilling into a found ation wall using a Hilti TE 70-AT hammer drill. The employee grabbed the drill b it with his gloved hand causing the glove to get caught ripping two of his finge rs. The employee sustained full amputation of the left 5th finger and partial am putation of the 4th finger.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 25, 2012, Employee #1 was operating mowing equipment for the Illinois Department of Transportation. He was operating a John Deere Model Number 6410 tractor and pulling an M&W rotary cutter at mile marker 68 along Interstate I-80. He was mowing on an incline along the shoulder, when his tractor rolled down the incline. He was found partially under the tractor by the Illinois State Police. He was pronounced dead at the scene by personnel from the Bureau County, IL, coroner's office.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on February 10, 2017, Employee #1 was moving an oil pan with an ove rhead crane.  The employee attempted to fit the oil pain between a second oil pa n and a storage rack.  The crane hook hit a support on the storage rack, causing the pan to break free from the crane hook, and fall onto the employee's right f oot. Employee #1 sustained a broken metatarsal in his foot that required surgery .
struck_nonfatal	At 8:25 a.m. on April 3, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction c ompany, were engaged in carpentry work at the site of a four-story multifamily r esidential building.  Employee #1 was working from floor joists 11 feet above th e floor below and receiving plywood from Employee #2.  Employee #1 fell between two joists, a fall height of 11 feet, and struck Employee #2.  Emergency service s were called, and the two employees were transported to the hospital.  Employee #1 sustained a dislocated elbow.  Both employees were treated and released.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 3, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a carpentry company, w as working at a multi-employer construction project, a three-story residential s tructure.  As he removed a temporary stair from the stairway in preparation for installation of a permanent stair, the employee fell into the stairwell, a fall height of approximately 18 feet, and struck the concrete floor.  Emergency servi ces transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatmen t of traumatic head injuries.  The employee died at the hospital.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 21, 2021, an employee walked on a pitched, wet roof. At some point, the employee slipped and fell approximately fifteen feet, and was h ospitalized to treat fractures to the back and ribs.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on October 10, 2018, Employee #1 was working at a multiemployer con struction project, a multifamily residential structure.  He was on the roof when he slipped and fell, a fall height of 12 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured arm.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:05 a.m. on August 31, 2018, an employee was cutting wood with a hand-held grinder. While cutting, the grinder kicked back and struck the employees mouth. The employee received lacerations to mouth and gums and teeth were knocked out.
caught_fatal	Employee #1, a derrick hand, working on the rig floor, was tightening a clamp after installing wire rope through the eyelet of a cathead spool. Employee #1's shirt sleeve got caught in the rotating cathead shaft and pulled him in the cathead. Employee #1 suffered unspecified amputations and unspecified bodily injuries and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 5:22 a.m. on October 18, 2019, an employee was starting a Freightliner Dump T ruck prior to beginning his shift and was crushed when struck by and pinned by a second truck.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 15, 2019, an employee was installing a residential roof and fell approximately 21 feet to the ground.  The employee was killed from seve re head trauma.
struck_fatal	At 7:15 a.m. on May 22, 2017, Employee #1 was working at approximately four feet on the fourth rung on his eight-foot, fiberglass Husky stepladder.  The employe e was working with a Milwaukee reciprocating saw, cutting through vertical stand ing two by fours, right next to where his ladder was set up. Suddenly, his super visor heard the saw bind up and when he looked in Employee#1's direction, he wit nessed the employee falling to the ground, and landing on his head, without putt ing his hands out to break his fall.  Employee #1 had a hard hat on, but it came off during the fall. The employee landed on his head and suffered blunt force t rauma. The employee was hospitalized, where he was later pronounced dead six day s after the fall.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on September 12, 2017, Employee #1, Coworker #1, and their employer , Coworker #2, from a solar energy services company, were engaged in cleaning th e solar panels on the roof of a commercial building.  The roof's surface was wet from both rain the night before and water Coworkers #1 and #2 were spraying as part of the cleaning process.  This resulted in puddles forming on the roof's su rface, which created an electrical ground.  Electricity arced from nearby 12-kil ovolt power lines to an aluminum pole that Employee #1 held, and Employee #1 sus tained a high-voltage electric shock.  Still gripping the aluminum pole, he fell from the roof.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including third degree burns to his arms and left foot.  Due to the severity of his burns, three toes required amputation.     The employee was just getting started to cl ean solar panels on the roof of a commercial building. The employee was using an aluminum pole as part of the cleaning process.  It had just rained the nigh bef ore and the ground (on the roof) was still wet.  The employer and a co-worker we re also spraying water as part of the cleaning process and puddles had formed cr eating an electrical ground.  High-voltage power lines were in the vicinity and since they were standing on a rooftop the employee was very close to the same el evation as the high-voltage lines.  The 12-kilovolt high-voltage line arced to t he aluminum pole causing current to course through the employee, this caused him to grip the pole and fall to the ground.   Electric shock, with injuries sustai ned which include, third degree burns to his arms and left foot, the end result being amputation of three toes. High voltage from the nearby 12KV power lines.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on March 11, 2019, an employee worked to install exterior metal cl adding on a three-story multi-family dwelling using a JLG aerial lift. While ins talling the metal siding, the basket of the aerial lift made contact with live o verhead power lines next to the building. The employee received electrical shock s to the left arm and leg and, for an unspecified reason, fell approximately fif ty-three feet from the basket. The employee was hospitalized for electrical burn s to the left arm and leg, and partial brain damage.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on June 11, 2021, an employee was standing outside of his truck on a roadside making a delivery to a customer. The employee was struck by another m otor vehicle and killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on March 30, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a mechanical contracto r, was working at the renovation of a commercial building.  He was installing PV C drain pipe.  As he moved from one work area to the next, he fell, striking obj ects on the way to the floor.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital.  He was hospitalized and treated for fractured r ibs and a fractured scapula (shoulder blade).
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on December 10, 2018, two employees were cleaning a concrete metal form when it fell on both, fracturing their legs.  The employees were hospitali zed.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 25, 2018, an employee was unwinding a ground glue spray er.  The employee was walking backwards when he stepped into skylight and fell t hrough.  The employee injured his back, ribs, and head. He was sent to the hospi tal, where he later died.
struck_fatal	At 1:50 p.m. on November 10, 2017, an employee installed an inflatable pipe plug into a 24 inch storm water line to stop the flow of water from an adjacent pond . The employees had just inflated the plug to 35 p.s.i using an electric compres sor that had a regulator and gauge on the manifold and an air supply line which had its own gauge and shut off valve which was connected to the pipe plug with a quick disconnect fitting.   The pipe plug was installed an inflated into a 24 i nch storm water line to stop the flow of water from adjacent pond. The employees had just inflated the plug to 35 p.s.i using a regulated air supply from an ele ctric compressor that had a regulator and gauge on the manifold and an air suppl y line which had its own gauge and shut off valve, which was connected to the pi pe plug with a quick disconnect fitting.  The employee was using a shovel to cle an around the pipe in preparation for repair when the inflatable pipe plug explo ded and struck the employee.  The employee was killed due to blunt force trauma from sudden expulsion of air and water pressure resulting from failure of the pi pe plug.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on February 28, 2017, an employee was working for a finish carpentr y contractor. He was making a wooden template and he was doing this by performin g a plunge cut with a dado blade installed on a table saw. The piece of wood bei ng cut was kicked back.  When this occurred, the employee's left hand struck the saw blade.  Part of the middle finger on his left hand was amputated and he was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 09:12 a.m. on August 03, 2021, a coworker removed the bucket from the excavat or in order to grab a pipe that was laying on the street facing in the north dir ection. The coworker secured it to the excavator and placed it inside the excava tion. The pipe was placed in position and unhooked; the coworker removed the exc avator  from the excavation and started the process of placing the bucket back o nto the excavator. The coworker stated he secured the bucket in place and procee ded to the excavation. As a coworker was approaching the excavation, he observed and assumed all coworkers were outside the trench. The coworker approached the excavation and was going to excavate when the bucket became detached from the e xcavator and fell on an employee, who was inside the trench. The excavator bucke t pinned and crushed the employee, killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 26, 2017, Employee #1 was standing by a fabricated table h olding a 2 inch by 10 inch wooden block for a coworker. The coworker was using a HITACHI nail gun (model number: NR83A) to construct wood frames for skylights o n the roof. The nail gun misfired a nail , which struck Employee #1 in his throa t. The employee was hospitalized for his injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:42 a.m. on August 13, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing a one-story commercial building.  He was dragging a heavy roll of insulation  sheeting while walking backward on the roof when he fell off the roof's edge, a fall height of 30 feet, and struck a concrete slab.  The employee was hospitalized for treatme nt of multiple injuries that included multiple fractures, punctured organs, and a smashed face.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on June 5, 2016, an employee was securing a vehicle to a tow truck that had broken down.  The employee was killed when he was struck by a passing v ehicle and sustained various fractures throughout his body.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on July 18, 2022, an employee of a Josey trucking company had comp leted a delivery and was in the process of adjusting the tandem on his trailer. The employee was captured on video reaching into the wheel well. The rear end o f the trailer collapsed, and the employee was caught in between the bed and the wheel. A nearby retail employee observed the trucker lying on the ground near th e truck. EMS was called, and the employee was pronounced dead on site.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on June 19, 2017, an employee was operating a vibratory compactor. As the employee was backing up, the compactor slipped on the bank rolling equipm ent. He was struck in the midsection by the compactor's ROPS and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 26, 2016, an employee was in the process of removing the 9th floor concrete in order to make space for a new stairwell. The employee was struck in the head by a falling 12 foot long 2x6 floor joist that fell from the 13th floor. The employee was killed by head trauma including skull fractures, b rain damage, vertebrae broken in his neck and multiple contusions.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on November 13, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a ro ofing company, were part of a larger crew installing a new roof on a three-story commercial building.  The roof, which was flat, was approximately 39 feet wide and 69 feet long.  The employer was using a warning line and a safety monitor fo r fall protection.  Employee #1 was rolling out roofing tape, and the coworker w as acting as safety monitor.  Employee #1 walked past the safety monitor to the other side of the roof, outside the warning line, and began installing roofing t ape.  The safety monitor observed Employee #1 but was not able to see that Emplo yee #1 was too close to the roof's edge.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 39 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where the em ployee was admitted and treated for injuries that included a fractured pelvis.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:55 p.m. on December 18, 2014, Employee #1 was laying down on a concrete block when the bucket of a backhoe struck him in his head. Employee # 1s skull was fractured and he died.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 18, 2016, an employee was raised by a rough terrain for klift to an upper floor elevation to retrieve a ladder. When the forklift was lo wering him, the front end fork attachment disconnected from the machine and fell to the ground with the employee. The employee was killed from multiple blunt tr auma.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on January 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing services c ompany, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story residen tial structure.  He was either climbing or descending a ladder when he fell, a f all height of approximately 5 feet, and struck his head against the concrete sla b surface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital, where he was admitted and treated for his fall-related injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on November 9, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a con struction company, were working at the employer's location.  Coworker #1 was doi ng maintenance work on a company pump truck and replacing the seals of a piston, and Employee #1 was assisting.  As Employee #1 held the piston cup with both ha nds, the hydraulic cylinder engaged, and Employee #1's fingers were caught betwe en the piston cup and the sleeve cylinder.  Three fingers from each hand were am putated.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation of six fingers.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 1, 2016 an employee was performing roofing work.  The e mployee fell from the roof and hit the ground. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 a.m. on March 13, 2019, an employee stood on top of a metal storage rack beam while manually removing metal grate decking. At some point, the employee s lipped and fell approximately twelve feet. The employee was hospitalized to trea t fractures to nine vertebrae, pelvis, hand and fingers.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 1, 2019, an employee was operating a Delta 10" Unisaw Tabl e Saw with a dado blade and not the planar as instructed to cut a decorative mun tin bar.  The employee broke through the work piece with the saw blade and amput ated his left thumb and index finger, requiring hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 7, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a siding comp any, were installing metal siding on the front of a new two-story residential st ructure.  They were working from metal engineered scaffolding when the scaffold' s wood frame broke free and fell.  The two employees fell, a fall height of 12 f eet, and struck the snow and blacktop surface.  Emergency services transported t he employees to the hospital, where both were admitted.  Employee #1 was treated for a fractured right foot that required surgery.  Employee #2 was treated for bruising to the hip and shoulders.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:15 pm, on August 13, 2009, Employee #1 of O S Interior Systems, Inc. was working inside of a building engaged in removal of demountable walls. Employee #1 was removing a metal stud when his chest contacted a 277 volt energized electrical wire that was hanging out of a light switch. Employee #1 died from his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete contract or, was working at a four-story multifamily residential structure.  He was using a mobile scaffold to remove concrete and expose metal I-beams for an engineerin g inspection.  During this assignment, he climbed up and down and moved the scaf fold to different areas under the parking garage.  While not maintaining a three -point control during a climb, his hand slipped, and he fell from the scaffold t o the concrete surface, a fall of approximately 2 to 3 feet.  The employee was t ransported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a wrist fract ure that required surgery.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 9, 2018, Employee #1 was working from a bucket truck, repla cing a security light that was mounted on a telephone pole. A fire started in th e bucket of the truck. The controls stopped working approximately fifteen feet a bove the ground. As the fire increased in size, the employee unhooked his harnes s and climbed out of the bucket. The employee fell from the bucket while trying to avoid the fire. Employee #1 struck the ground with the left side of his body and head, sustaining multiple fractures and head trauma, including bleeding from the left ear, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on November 14, 2005, Employee #1, a journeyman electrician, was inspecting an electrical box at a two-story commercial warehouse in San Diego, CA. His employer had been contracted to make improvements and Employee #1 was inspecting the existing wiring before starting work. He was removing the cover from an electrical service panel when it apparently contacted the 480-volt, B phase of the panel, causing a small arc flash. Employee #1 suffered second-degree burns to parts of his left hand. He was transported to the UC-San Diego Burn Unit, where he was treated and released.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 a.m. on December 5, 2018, an employee was stationed at the rotopacker wh ere bags of grout were ejected sideways and he was to turn each back as it came out of the machine.  The employee caught his right hand between the belt and pul ley, crushing and fracturing his right hand's ring finger.  The employee was hos pitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 27, 2018, an employee was climbing a fixed ladder when he reached for a backpack and fell from the ladder, fracturing his clavicle and several ribs.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	On April 9, 2017, an employee was framing a wall in a horizontal position prior to tipping up. Earlier, a coworker had cut a hole for a window which happened to be directly above the opening in the deck for the stair to the basement. The em ployee stepped on the window cutout and he and the cutout fell to the cement flo or below. The employee suffered blunt force trauma to the head/neck area and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on November 7, 2018, an employee was working on a roof. At some po int, the employee had a nine foot fall and received a head injury (bleeding on t he brain). The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on April 20, 2022, an employee was working with a crew of coworkers erecting interior walls within a building. The employee, a construction laborer , and three coworkers were framing, installing and bracing the walls of a reside ntial building on the second level. The wall measured greater than 40 feet in le ngth and about 8 feet in height and weighed an estimated 1,000 pounds to 2,000 p ounds. The employer was using a crane with a tow strap sling attachment to assis t the crew in lifting up the walls from a flat position to a vertical position. The sling had end loops attached to the wall with two 2 inch by 6 foot boards ta cked with 3 inch framing nails. The boards were situated inside the end loops of the sling.  While the wall was being stood upright by the the crew in order to be braced, a reported high gust of wind caused the wall tip over and strike the employee. The employee incurred severe blunt force trauma and was killed. The wa ll was partially braced and disconnected from the crane at the time it fell. The activities were taking place in high wind conditions and wind gusts of up to 40 miles per hour were reported. Weather and the high wind conditions were likely a factor to the event. The operation was not adjusted to address the effects of high winds.
fall_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on May 10, 2017, an employee was unloading a feed truck at a hog lo t while standing on a ladder.   The employee fell and hit the left side of their head on the back end of the trailer, killing the employee.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on September 8, 2017, an employee was finishing some concrete work when he was struck by the concrete truck boom, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 7:30 a.m. on July 19, 2002. Employee #1 and a coworker were installing a new controller for a conveyor, after the production supervisor reported that there was a problem with the fryer machine on line 5. Employee #1 reported back to the production supervisor that the problem was with the transmission. While installing the new controller for the conveyor, Employee #1 made contact with an energized electrical wire. The coworker heard a spark as Employee #1 made contact with the wire. Employee #1 stepped back and began clutching his chest, walked a few feet towards a wall and collapsed. The production supervisor, who was present at the time, ran to the office to call emergency personnel. In the meantime CPR was administered on Employee #1 until emergency personnel arrived and transmitted him to the hospital, where he later died.
caught_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on January 6, 2021, an employee and two coworkers used a Diedrich D -50 vehicle mounted drilling rig to drill ten-foot bore holes into the ground. A fter collecting three samples the employee, standing on the operator's platform, reached towards the auger, became caught by the hand/arm, and was pulled into t he machine. The employee's foot made contact with the emergency stop, but alread y had the entire upper body in caught in the auger. The employee was taken by em ergency services to the hospital to treat injuries to the head, upper body and a rm. The employee later died of his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on March 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plastering and masonr y construction company, was engaged in exterior masonry work at a multiemployer construction project, a one-story residential structure.  He was connecting a co ncrete pump to the tow hitch of the transporting vehicle when the pump rolled to ward him.  Employee #1 was struck by the pump and caught between the pump and th e transport vehicle.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was hospitalized and treated for strains to both legs ' thigh muscles, fascia, and tendons.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on August 17, 2021, an employee was loading metal ro ofing onto a rooftop.  The employee unhooked from the fall protection and fell t hrough a skylight. The employee suffered broken bones after hitting the ground. The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, wa s working at the construction site for a new two-story residential structure.  H e was standing on top of the first floor framing and unstrapping a bundle of tru sses when the trusses slipped.  As the trusses began to fall, they caught Employ ee #1's foot, and he fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for a knee injury.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 8, 2022, an employee worked to install a sheet of plywoo d onto trusses. One of the trusses moved and the plywood broke causing the emplo yee to fall approximately twenty-five feet. The employee received head trauma an d was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:49 p.m. on October 24, 2014, Employees #1 and #2 had been rep lacing five inch gutters to the existing dwelling. Both employees had walked aro und the east side area of the dwelling and disappeared from a witness' view.  Th e witness then heard a noise and turned around and saw sparks flying.  The witne ss ran over to the east side and saw both workers lying on the ground.  Neither ladders nor gutter components showed any signs of direct contact with the overhe ad power lines which were approximately 16 to 20 feet away from the dwelling. Th e power company officials determined that an "arc jump" or "arc flash" had occur red.  Both workers were electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 11:24 a.m. on September 5, 2017, an employee was working on the roof of a res idential home that had rain water leakage problems.  The employer is a roofing c ontractor engaged in roof repairs and replacing broken tiles including other roo fing accessories.  The employee climbed up a "LOUISVILLE" 20 foot long metal ext ension ladder, whose feet were set on brick and concrete cinder blocks, to check an area under fixed gutters for tracing rain water leakage.  As he climbed the ladder, the ladder was placed on a loose/unstable cinder block and bricks and th e employee fell from the ladder. He was transported to the hospital where he lat er died.
struck_fatal	At 5:57 p.m. on October 5, 2015, an employee and a co-worker were installing sky light panels. Both were wearing and using fall protection at the time of the acc ident. The employee was using a rope grab and his co-worker was using a retracta ble lanyard. The employee stepped into the skylight opening falling to the concr ete floor,  possibly striking a scissor lift that was parked next to/below the o pening. The employee was killed due to severe head and neck injuries sustained f rom the fall.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on February 4, 2017, Employee #1 and coworker (crane operator) were tasked with  hoisting/rigging operations involving the staging of metal and str eetlight poles, on the ground next to their designated pole foundations until fu lly erected/mounted.  While the (coworker) raised the boom of a [Manitowoc C-Ser ies Crane], e.g., boom truck crane, Employee #1's (left foot) remained on the (r im) of the crane's rear wheel, and he then grabbed a metal, streetlight pole wit h his (right) hand.  Afterwards, the hoisting cable (on the boom's topside), con tacted high voltage power lines.  Employee #1 then suffered immediate electrical shock, fell to the ground and lost consciousness. He sustained an entry wound ( palm of hand proximal to right thumb) and an exit wound (topside side of his lef t big toe), each resulting in 3rd degree burns.  Employee #1 was wearing standar d PPE, e.g., hard hat, safety glasses, gloves, steel-toed boots, and a reflectiv e class II vest.  Employee #1 was trained in "hoisting and rigging operations", but not Overhead Power Line Procedures.  Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, and then taken to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center. He was admitted and h ospitalized for 1 day.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on June 5, 2018, an employee was measuring a stair stringer against a concrete wall on the staircase between the 1st & 2nd floor.  On the 5th floor , just above where the employee was working, a framer was rolling joists.  He se t his nail gun on the hook on the guardrail, which were three 2 x 4s. The nail g un did not hook onto the 2 x 4 and dropped from the 5th floor down to the stairs where the employee was working.  The employee was struck by the nail gun, resul ting in two broken vertebras and a fractured skull. The employee was in a coma a nd later died from his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 19, 2018, an employee was painting the exterior of a resid ential (duplex) house. The employee was on one of two aluminum ladders set up to paint the left side of the house. The employee was using a paint brush and roll er. Both ladders where set up within the approach distance of the electrical ser vice to the residence. No one saw the employee fall, but a witness indicated the employee was working on the left most ladder. The witness heard the employee ye ll and land on the driveway. The employee sustained a broken right femur and sev ere head trauma and died.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on May 23, 2019, Employee #1, an apprentice pipefitter service tech nician, was engaged in maintenance/repair work at a commercial building.  He was attempting to stop a moving fan belt, part of an air handler.  He had shut off the main source of power, but the fan belt was still running slowly.  The employ ee attempted to stop the belt by grabbing it with his right hand.  The belt pull ed the employee's hand into the pulley, causing avulsion wounds to the middle, r ing, and pinky fingers.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for the wounds.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on April 1, 2019, an employee was standing on a loading dock and wa s struck by a forklift as it backed out of a trailer.  The employee fractured hi s leg and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:30 p.m. on June 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was en gaged in roofing work on the roof of a residential building.  Employee #1 fell f rom the roof and struck the asphalt driveway, a fall height of 17 feet.  Emergen cy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He wa s admitted and treated for a skull fracture, facial lacerations, and loss of vis ion in one eye.  During the subsequent investigation, Employee #1 stated he had very little recollection of the events leading up to his fall.  There were no wi tnesses.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on September 15, 2021, an employee used a chop saw to cut a section of concrete pipe. At some point, the saw kicked back, and the blade lacerated t he employee's carotid artery and jugular veins. The employee was hospitalized to treat the injuries but died later that day.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:35 p.m. on November 15, 2021, an employee was operating a Crown Lift Truck (Serial No. 1A374013, Model No. RC5545-40) to move two refrigerators.  The lift truck hit a stack of washers and the employee fell to the floor.  His foot was c rushed under the wheel of the lift truck, resulting in a fracture of his left bi g toe.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on July 26, 2018, an employee and his coworker were rolling a cart that contained a roll of roofing material down a 3:12 sloped roof with a 30 inch parapet. During movement of the material, the coworker slipped and the cart sta rted to roll free down the roof. The employee reached to stop the cart and fell over the edge of the roof. The employee struck a concrete sidewalk that was 70 f eet below the roof and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 p.m. on April 24, 2019, Employee #1, a plumber employed by a plumbing c ompany, was checking a gas leak at a single family residence. He was working in the backyard near a pool.  The employee pressurized a pipeline.  He then introdu ced an ignition source, closed the pipe, and stood up.  The pipe exploded.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of injuries to his right leg, including abrasion, contusion, and laceration injuries.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 17, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer project, the construction of a five-story commer cial building.  He was working from a ladder on the roof and drilling holes in p lywood for the installation of a concrete form.  Employee #1 overreached from th e ladder and fell, a fall height of 55 feet.  He was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:00 a.m. on July 20, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, part of a larger gro up of workers employed by a staffing agency, were working at a multiemployer job site, a retail store.  They were assigned to replace overhead fluorescent light fixtures with LED fixtures.  They were provided 10-foot fiberglass stepladders, safety glasses, and non-electrically rated cut-resistant gloves, and were instr ucted to work the 277-volt lighting system while it remained energized.  While c limbing the ladder, Employee #1 contacted an exposed wire with the top of his he ad and was shocked.  He fell from the ladder, a fall height of 5 to 6 feet.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for a fractured right leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 6, 2019, an employee was installing shelving on an interi or wall at a construction site. As he was doing this, the employee tripped and f ell, striking his head and back. The employee was hospitalized to treat a subdur al hemorrhage.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on January 4, 2021, Employee #1 was working on the roof of a new r esidential structure.  In an attempt to untangle his fall protection, he disconn ected from it.  The employee fell from roof, a fall height of 21 feet, and struc k the frozen ground.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a compound fracture to the right leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:09 p.m. on January 9, 2019, Employee #1 was helping move a stone slab. The stone slab slipped out of clamp and fell on employee's left toe.  The employee w as hospitalized to amputate the toe.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 9:45 a.m. on January 21, 2014, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by Sun Desert Construction, was engaged in exterior carpentry at a residential construction site. Employee #1 stepped off a joist and onto a top plate. His foot slipped off the top plate, and he fell to the ground, a fall height of approximately 10 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fracture of his right leg. This event was investigated by Cal/OSHA.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:45 a.m. on April 12, 2017, an employee was working with a coworker to repla ce the hopper floor of a garbage truck. As they used a hydraulic floor jack to s traighten out a bowed metal plate in order to weld a new piece in its place,the jack saddle extension shaft started losing contact with the bucket frame. The em ployee grabbed hold of the extension shaft, resulting in his right thumb becomin g caught between the jack extension shaft and shim. The tip of his thumb was amp utated, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was on a ladder, installing antistatic tubing within a 480-volt air conditioning unit. The unit was approximately 3.4 meters high. The employee was wearing safety glasses and steel-toed boots. He opened the enclosure door for the unit to gain access to the area that needed the tubing. As he installed the tubing, he contacted electric conductors and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on January 31, 2022, an employee was securing a container door with a chain. As the driver began to dump the container, the chain came loose and th e container door swung down, striking the employee. The employee was killed due to a fractured skull.
caught_nonfatal	On December 6, 2011, Employee # 1 was assisting the drill operator with setting the drill bit hammer into the well hole. Employee # 1 slipped and in an attempt to balance himself his hand got caught in the moving drive chain. No other detail was given in the original abstract.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on August 12, 2016, an employee was attempting to assist a coworker in freeing a 2011 Model T800 Kenworth dump truck after it had become stuck in s ome soft dirt after dropping its load.  The employee was untying the tow strap f rom the front axle of the dump truck once it was freed.  The coworker was unawar e that the employee was under the truck when he placed the truck in gear and att empted to pull away.  The employee was crushed when the truck ran over him.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on November 16, 2021, an employee was performing an inspection on a ladder.  The employee was attached to a vertical lifeline that was incorrectly installed and detached at the bottom. The employee fell from the ladder to the g round below and sustained multiple injuries.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment of a head injury, internal abdominal injuries, and a fractured leg.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on January 26, 2015, Employee #1, employed by an equipment rental c ompany, was engaged in a wetlands restoration project involving earth moving.  H e was rigging a sling to a front end loader when his finger became caught by the attachment pin.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transporte d to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for an amputation of his middle finger.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 28, 2019, an employee was utlilizing a forklift powered ind ustrial vehicle (PIV) pulling orders when the PIV parking brake failed. The PIV rolled into lumber and the employee was struck by the lumber. The employee broke his right foot, requiring medical treatment. The employee was not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on March 30, 2017, an employee was unloading a silage tractor trail er. The employee reached through an access door on the front of the trailer whil e the PTO was engaged and the moving floor conveyor was in operation.  The emplo yees left arm became caught in the conveyor portion of the trailer, resulting in an amputation injury to his left arm just above the elbow.
caught_nonfatal	On April 11, 2014, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor, was working at a shop building. He was working from an aerial lift and installing outside lights to the building. Employee #1's arm became pinched between the lift basket and a building support beam. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was treated for a deep laceration of his arm and then discharged without hospitalization. This event was investigated by Cal/OSHA.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on September 7, 2005, Employee #1, a lineman with approximately 3 months of experience, and a coworker, were splicing low- voltage secondary lines on a power pole in the back yard of a house in West Covina, CA. They were part of a crew of five sent to work at that location. Employee #1 and the coworker had been up the pole for approximately an hour and a half when Employee #1's right gaff slipped. He lost his balance and contacted a secondary line and a neutral line, resulting in an electric shock and a minor burn to his right wrist. The coworker helped Employee #1 down from the pole, and emergency services was called. Paramedics administered first aid and then transported him to a local hospital for treatment. Employee #1 later stated that he suffered a scar on his right wrist but was kept overnight in the hospital for observation because he had had an electric shock. He also stated that he was tied-off and wearing leather gloves at the time of the accident.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 23, 2005, Employees #1 through #3 were in contact with a load that was being lowered by mobile crane. They were all shocked simultaneously by a lightning flash, and were hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on June 5, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as engaged in roofing repair work at a two-story residential structure.  He fell from the roof, a fall height of 30 feet.  Employee #1 sustained multiple injuri es and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 5:50 p.m. on March 16, 2017, Employee #1 was standing on an A-f rame ladder propped against a wall.  He fell from the ladder and struck his head on the concrete floor.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on January 27, 2018, an employee took his invoice to the receiving clerk in a loading dock through the side entrance ramp and then proceeded to re trieve a forklift bailing wire from his truck. The employee then drove a forklif t to the receiving dock area and climbed on its forks to access the loading dock area. After handing over the bailing wire to the receiving desk clerk, he stepp ed back onto the forks f the forklift he had been operating. As he climbed down from the forklift forks, he fell approximately 4 feet and sustained a fracture t o his left wrist and hip. He was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on March 30, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a road construction com pany, was working with coworkers on a road construction clean up crew.  They wer e in the road and gathering the last pieces of traffic control equipment.  No tr affic control equipment remained to warn drivers away from the lane where they w ere working.  A semi-truck drove over a hill and struck Employee #1.  Employee # 1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on August 16, 2017, an employee was repairing roof dorm. The employ ee fell from the roof approximately 15 feet to the porch roof and was killed fro m blunt force trauma to his head and arms.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was working at the construction site for a three-story multifamily residential build ing.  He was installing gas piping in the attic.  While attempting to extricate himself from a restricting area in the attic, Employee #1 made contact with an e nergized electrical circuit.  He was fatally electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on February 26, 2014, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction company, were installing shoring in a trench in preparation for installation of sewer lines. The trench measured 60 feet long by 20 feet wide by 20 feet deep. Coworker #1 was working with his back to Employee #1. Coworker #1 heard a rumbling noise as a piece of shoring fell to the bottom of the trench. He turned and saw Employee #1, who was yelling, "Oh my back, oh my back!" Coworker #1 went to get the project foreman, who called for emergency services. Emergency services arrived and conducted a rescue of Employee #1 from the trench. A rescue operation was deemed necessary, not because Employee #1 was trapped, but because the emergency responders did not want to risk causing further injury to Employee #1's back. Employee #1 then was transported to University Medical Center (UMC), Las Vegas, NV, where he was admitted, treated for bruises to his back, and discharged the same day. This incident was investigated by two Compliance Safety and Health Officers (CSHOs) from Nevada OSHA. After arriving at the site at 1:45 p.m. on February 26, 2014 and following the Opening Conference, the CSHOs took photographs of the trench, the surrounding area, and the failed shoring. The CSHOs saw that the shoring that failed had a leak on one end of the cylinder. The employer's Safety Director stated he believed the shoring had failed in this area. The Trench Shoring Company was identified as the provider of the shoring. The employer's Safety Director stated that a representative of the Trench Shoring Company inspected the failed shoring and agreed that the seal in the cylinder failed. The employer was requested to provide documentation affirming this claim. On March 25, 2014, Nevada OSHA received a letter forwarded by the employer. The letter, from The Trench Shoring Company, stated that The Trench Shoring Company was not able to conclude what happened to the shoring. On March 14, 2014, two Nevada OSHA CSHOs returned to the site to obtain an air screening due to the high volume of vehicle traffic and heavy equipment operating in the area. The readings showed no signs of any elevated levels. The investigators made several attempts to contact and interview Employee #1, including a certified letter mailed March 17, 2014, but received no response. Therefore, on April 2, 2014, they proceeded to conduct a Closing Conference with the employer's Safety Director by phone.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 4 p.m. on June 8, 2006, Employee #1, a lineman, was performing line maintenance. He climbed a power pole to strip a ground wire and reroute it near the neutral wire, which was about 60 in. below the live wire. Using a hammer and a screwdriver, Employee #1 began removing the staples holding the ground wire on the pole. He was standing on the pole with his left foot approximately 6 in. above the neutral wire when he brushed the 7,200-volt power line with his left shoulder and received a shock. Employee #1 sustained injuries to his right arm, which had to be surgically amputated just below the elbow, as well as damage to his left instep and to his right shoulder. Employee #1 had not been wearing any personal protective equipment, and he had not blanketed the line.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 8, 2014, Employee #1, a framer, Coworkers #1, #2, and #3, and their direct supervisor, Coworker #5, all employed by a construction framing contractor, were engaged in framing work at a large building project, the construction of 246 multifamily apartment units. The company had been working at the site for approximately three months and was expected to complete the contract in another two months. As the crew was standing up a wall frame that measured approximately 10 feet high by 14 feet long, it fell on top of Employee #1. No other members of the work crew were injured. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to UCLA Medical Center, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured right leg. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA at 7:24 p.m. on April 8, 2014. During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that Employee #1 had worked for the company since 2012. Leading up to the event, Coworkers #1, #2, and #3 apparently had placed one end of the bottom of the wall frame into a bolt that was cemented into the floor. Employee #1 had not placed his end of the frame into the corresponding bolt. Therefore, the wall was unstable. During the standing up process, when the three coworkers let go of the wall, it fell, striking Employee #1 and pinning him between the frame and the floor.
caught_nonfatal	On August 11, 2010, Employee #1, of Westco Contracting Incorporated, was adding water into a slurry mixing tank (seal- coating mixer machine) using a water hose. The power was on, and the blades on the shaft were rotating inside the tank. The hose inadvertently went into the tank, got caught, pulling the hose and Employee #1s left hand into the rotating blades. The rotating blades caused complete degloving of his left ring finger up to the first knuckle. He was transported to the hospital for treatment of the amputated finger.
electrocution_fatal	On August 10, 2004, Employee #1 was changing ballast on an overhead fluorescent light. The power was not turned off and not locked out. He went to reconnect the wires to the new ballast, and he contacted the hot wire on the web of the right hand between the thumb and index finger and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 17, 2104, an employee was transporting a shed and it fe ll, crushing him.  No further information was provided from the initial report.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:00 p.m. on February 1, 2017, an employee was assisting truck mechanics in the repair of a tire which was leaking air. The employee was standi ng in front of the leaking tire after having noticed a piece of metal that had p unctured the tire and was waiting with a mechanic while a second mechanic retrie ved a tire repair kit. Prior to identifying the tire puncture, numerous attempts were made to add air to the tire. The employee was standing approximately 3-fee t directly in front of a tire mounted on a semi-truck that was in the process of being repaired when the side wall of the tire ruptured exploding compressed air outwards towards the employee. The employee was blown off his feet and thrown a pproximately 6-feet backwards consequently striking his head on the floor. The e mployee's head struck the floor resulting in a concussion and closed head injury . The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 5, 2019, an employee worked to install plywood panels and L-bracing/brackets. At some point, the employee slipped and fell approximately t welve feet. The employee was taken to the hospital and admitted to treat fractur es to the right kneecap and left heel.
fall_fatal	At 5:38 p.m. on June 6, 2016, an employee was spraying silicone on a steeply pit ched church roof at a height of 40 ft. The employee, who was not wearing any PPE , either tripped or slipped on the silicone covered slate roof. Sliding from the peak of the roof, the employee initially struck a wooden roof over a shrine, th en struck a cement bench with his head, and ultimately hit the ground. The emplo yee was killed as a result from suffering multiple injuries, including broken ri bs, internal injuries, and a fractured skull.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on March 11, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing company, was working at a residential construction project.  He was installing a structural wood beam in an outdoor pergola/patio.  The beam came loose, fell a pproximately 10 feet, and struck the employee.  Employee #1 was killed when his heart was punctured.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on June 2, 2018, Employee #1 climbed up on top of a spoil pile the n slid down unexpectedly in to the 36-inch deep excavation.  Employee #2 was ope rating a CASE 580 Super M Backhoe to remove the soil.  The bucket struck Employe e #1 in the chest, where he later died of his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 10, 2017, Employee #1, an electrician employed by an elec trical services company, was working from a Genie scissor lift extended more tha n 10 feet above the ground.  He was inspecting high bay light fixtures to determ ine which one was flickering.  Employee #1 attempted to disconnect the relock sa fety connector which serviced the light fixture and thereby de-energize the ball ast.  He was squeezing the safety connector when it became stuck and began to sp ark and arch.  A fire ensued.  Employee #1 sustained an electric shock that ente red at his left hand's index finger.  Emergency services were called, and Employ ee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for an elect ric shock.
caught_fatal	On December 29, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construction con tractor, were replacing old posts and fencing using a tractor and a power take o ff (PTO) post-hole digger.  Employee #1's clothing became caught in the PTO shaf t.  Employee #1 was pulled into the rotating draft shaft and killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 22, 2021, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contra ctor, was installing two LED light fixtures from the ceiling of an auto service shop.  He was working from the bucket of a Versa Lift aerial lift that was mount ed on the back of a bucket truck.  The employee was not using any form of fall p rotection.  As he leaned against the bucket door, the door opened, and he fell t o the concrete floor, a fall height of 12 to 15 feet.  The employee was transpor ted to the hospital and admitted for treatment of an open fracture of the left t highbone with an extreme rotation at the knee, and a severe laceration to the to p of his head.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 21, 2017, Employee #1 employed by a construction and excav ation company, was installing a culvert.  He was operating a concrete saw and cu tting concrete pipe when the saw kicked back and struck Employee #1 in the chin and chest. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to th e hospital.  He was admitted and treated for lacerations to his chest and chin, and the loss of two teeth.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on December 15, 2021, an employee installed siding on a building. At some point, the employee fell approximately fifty feet and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 8:20 a.m. on January 8, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker were moving equipmen t down an alley as part of a residential renovation project.  Employee #1 was op erating a Ditch Witch trencher and his coworker was operating an aerial lift beh ind Employee #1.  The aerial lift rear-ended the trencher, and Employee #1 susta ined internal crushing injuries and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on January 12, 2017, two employees were changing out a cross arm on a utility pole.  Employee #1 brushed up against the casing of the isolated tran sformer and felt a vibration in his left shoulder.  Employee #1 looked over at E mployee #2 who appeared to be in some distress.  Emergency Services were contact ed and both employees were taken to the hospital by paramedics where they admitt ed for observation.  No physical injuries or burns were noted during their exami nation.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 27, 2019, an employee was using a DoAll bandsaw without l owering the guard to cover the unused portion of the blade causing him to strike the blade with his left hand. The employee sustained a laceration to his index finger and was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At approximately 8:30 p.m. on June 4, 2012, Employee  #1 was removing a lower wi nd bearing block from side "A" of a metal winch wall. The metal plate was standi ng upright supported by a metal clip attached to the floor.  In an attempt to re move the lower wind bearing block, the bottom metal attachment clip gave way all owing the plate to fall onto the employee. The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 26, 2021, an employee was working as an operator of in dustrial trucks for a chain of supermarkets. She was working at a warehouse. She was operating an electric riding pallet jack, or tow motor. She was on the morn ing shift performing her regular duties as an order selector. She took her lunch break at 10:30 a.m. to about 11:00 a.m. Returning from lunch, she entered the w arehouse from the parking lot and boarded the same tow motor she had during the morning to drive to the time clock located near the shipping office. When she st arted the tow motor, she bumped into another parked tow motor. The throttle cont roller on her tow motor was malfunctioning. A coworker told her to get another t ow motor after she clocked in. She hopped back on the tow motor, put it in rabbi t mode (that is, high speed mode), and drove toward time clock on the open floor . Two other tow motors were in front of her, both approaching and slowing to ent er a one-way doorway. The employee was going too fast and unable to slow down, r eportedly due to the faulty throttle controller. She swerved left to avoid a col lision with the other tow motors and attempted to drive through another door, ma rked "do not enter," against opposing traffic. When she saw oncoming tow motor h eaded at her, she turned her tow motor into the center of the two doors, directl y into the yellow metal bollards between the doorways. She attempted to jump off her tow motor seconds before striking the metal bollard. Her leg was crushed be tween her tow motor and the center divider wall or bollard pole. She suffered a laceration in her lower right leg, with an open fracture of her right tibia. She was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	on June 26, 2006, Employee #1, an HVAC worker for Beck Environmental Services, Inc., was replacing the blower on an air conditioning system in a restaurant whose cooling system had been out for five days. He was working in a tight space atop a walk-in freezer. Employee #1 had nearly completed the task when he grabbed a loose conductor operating at 240 volts. He was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on November 17, 2021, an employee was working from a roof during an asbestos removal project when he fell through the roof. The roof was not struct urally sound enough to handle his weight and the employee incurred severe head i njuries as a result which killed him.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 26, 2002, Employee #1 was working with a VAC unit when, for an unknown reason, a nearby underground electrical line became grounded. The subsequent arc blast caught Employee #1 and threw him backwards. He was stunned but the arc blast didn't directly contact him and he suffered no serious injuries. He was transported to a local hospital, where he was treated and released. Subsequent investigation revealed that Employee #1 was using a Ring0Matic VAC machine to clean the dirt away from a buried power cable. It was manufactured in 2000 and was purchased as previously owned with 258 hours of use. His company had been hired to replace power lines in a substation complex due to the facility being modernized. The VAC unit was being used to accomplish the cleaning in locations known to hold underground utility cables. It uses water at 3,000 psi to break the dirt free and create a slurry which is then vacuumed by the unit. The system is contained on a trailer and contains its own water supply and catch tank. Personnel from the local power company, the owners of the cable, believe that there may have been a defect in the insulation of the cable. This allowed the water from the VAC unit to enter the power cable and create a grounded path, leading to the arc blast.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:25 p.m. on November 30, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a chimney and roofi ng company, was on a roof and engaged in repairs when he fell.  Employee #1 requ ired hospitalization and treatment for a leg injury.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was working from an aerial lift, transferring an overhead power line from one utility pole to another. He was removing rubber insulating line hose from the power line. As he was removing the line hose for the second phase conductor, his back contacted the unprotected conductor. He was electrocuted. (He also fell from the aerial lift bucket to the ground.)
electrocution_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on November 14, 2021, an employee (Lineman/Serviceman) was called o ut early in the morning along with two coworkers (also Linemen/Servicemen) to re spond to reports of multiple electrical outages.  The employee had completed rep airs to one fallen line, went over to a 14,400 volt electrical line, and started alone to repair the line. The employee was found unresponsive in his bucket aft er multiple unsuccessful attempts to reach him by phone and radio. Upon retrieva l from the bucket, coworkers began CPR and called 911. The employee was found to be wearing regular leather gloves. The glove on the left hand was found to have a hole and a burn mark was found on his hand. The employee was transported to t he nearest hospital, where he was pronounced dead due to an electric shock to hi s left hand.
electrocution_fatal	On October 30, 2003, Employees #1 and #2 were moving a 40 ft aluminum extension ladder when it contacted a 72,000 volt, overhead power line. They were electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On May 5, 2008, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were performing siding operations from a pump jack scaffold located more than twenty five feet above the ground. The two employees were raising up the scaffold when it made contact with a 4000 volt power line. The power line energized the scaffold and the current ran through both employees. The electric current exited the scaffold through a triangle brace into the building. Both Employee #1 and Employee #2 were electrocuted. No citations were issued due to the fact that Employee #1, an officer of the company, was one of the employees electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On September 23, 2005, Employee #1 contacted a phase conductor jumper energized with 40-kilovolt of induced energy. He was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on July 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing c ompany, was working at a multiemployer building construction site.  He was pulli ng a nail from a joist while standing with one foot on the first floor top plate and the other foot on a floor joist.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell bac kwards.  As he fell, he hit his head on a brace and then landed on a concrete sl ab, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration to his back and a head concussion.
electrocution_fatal	On July 26, 2005, Employee #1 and a coworker, of Environmental Maintenance Engineering, Inc., were spraying water-based asbestos encapsulant when some of the chemical landed on the bare conductors of the electric cord that was supplying power to the spray equipment. Employee #1 was electrocuted, and his coworker received a non-fatal shock.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on November 1, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction frami ng company, was operating a SkilSaw circular saw and ripping a small piece of wo od.  He was holding the wood in his hand.  The sawblade came into contact with h is left middle finger, resulting in amputation of the finger.  Employee #1 was t ransported to the hospital, where was treated for the amputation.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:50 a.m. on June 6, 2018, a crew of three employees was performing primary cable injection work at an apartment complex. Employee #1 was having trouble pul ling a 7 kilovolt primary cable elbow from one side of a pad mount transformer f eed loop that was stuck. After contacting the utility company, the crew decided to isolate the transformer from its power source and cut off the stuck elbow. Th e employees pulled the second primary elbow and parked it on a feed through. As the employee reached into the transformer enclosure and began to cut the outer i nsulation of the elbow that remained stuck on the transformers bushing, the elb ow became energized and the cutting action to the insulation created an arc flas h. Employee #1 received first and second degree burns to his face and left hand. He was transported to a nearby medical center where he was hospitalized for the burn injuries. The employee was not wearing the provided personal protective fa ce shield and gloves at the time of the incident.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:50 a.m. on July 16, 2022, an employee was closing an overhead door adjacent to a welding station at a fabricated metal manufacturing facility. A portable e lectric fan mounted on a pedestal was plugged into a wall receptacle at the over head door. Coworkers noticed several minutes later than the employee was sitting on a crate at the overhead door and his left arm was in contact with the portab le fan. When a coworker attempted to close the overhead door and moved the porta ble electric fan, he noticed an electric arc when contact between the fan and th e employee's arm was broken. A coworker initiated CPR and requested medical assi stance. The employee was transported to the local hospital where he died from th e electric shock injuries. It was determined that the portable cord run through a wire way hole was exposed to a sharp edge which cut the wire sheath and insult ation and exposed the bare conductor. The attachment plug was also missing the g round pin.
caught_nonfatal	On May 27, 2009, a crew consisting of an employee, a Hauling Truck Operator, a Mini Excavator Operator and Foreman, and two other laborers were working on Holladay Avenue. The pipes had already been installed and the trench backfilled. The work involved removing additional 10 inches of dirt to provide the necessary depth for resurfacing the street. The dirt was being removed by a CAT 304 CR Mini Excavator moving in backward direction and placing the dirt into a 10-wheeler truck which was moving parallel to the Excavator, approximately 5 feet apart. At approximately 1:00 p.m., the job at that location was almost completed. The Excavator Operator signaled the employee to stop. The employee then stepped out of his truck and walked toward the excavator to talk to the foreman; however, he walked in the path of the Excavator at the time. The Excavator operator resumed his operation. The employee tried to run away, but he slipped and fell and his left foot was trapped under the rubber track of the excavator, fracturing three metatarsal bones on his left foot. The foreman transported the employee to San Francisco General Hospital, where he was hospitalized for two days. The employee had surgery on his left foot two weeks later.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:10 a.m. on August 24, 2021, Employee # 1 and Employee # 2 we re working from fiberglass stepladders to install framing materials within a par tially finished post-frame building when lightning struck nearby area(s).  Emplo yee #1 was found on the ground and unresponsive.  Emergency medical services wer e contacted and lifesaving measures were attempted, however, Employee # 1 died. Employee # 2 sustained third-degree electrical burn injuries to the arm(s), was transported to a hospital, and admitted to inpatient services to receive treatm ent.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing and HVAC co mpany, was engaged in repair work on the roof of a two-story manufacturing plant .  As he attempted to lower a rope to the foreman below, Employee #1 stepped off the roof's edge and fell, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  Emergency se rvices transferred the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treat ed for a fractured right foot and ankle.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on July 31, 2013, an employee was installing a jumper when he made contact with a power line and was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on February 26, 2019, an employee was grinding a piece of metal on a set of steel stairs when it became stuck and he lost control of it. The angler grinder wheel did not have a guard.  The employee lacerated his left hand when it kicked up and struck him.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was worki ng at a job site, a home being re-roofed.  He climbed an extension ladder, stepp ed onto the roof, and in so doing stepped on a rope being used for fall protecti on.  The rope rolled out from under his foot, and he fell backwards.  He landed on a piece of new metal flashing, and his arm struck the sharp metal.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a cut to the wrist that required surgery.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 5, 2007, Employee #1, an electrician, was on a ladder in room 220 of the Nevada School of Medicine, which was undergoing renovations. He was hooking up wires in a junction box above the ceiling when he contacted an energized 277-volt AC lead. Employee #1 received an electrical shock and fell from the ladder to the floor. Internal medicine staff working in Room 230 responded immediately and started CPR, reviving Employee #1. He was transported by Emergency Services to University Medical Center, where he was treated and released the following day.
caught_fatal	At approximately 6:20 a.m. on Wednesday, August 5, 2020, an employee was working for an intermodal freight transport company or trucking carrier. He picked up a nd drove semi-trailer truck number P9032 into the firm's yard. He located shippi ng container number BMOU3075767. He backed his truck into the chassis and secure d it to the fifth wheel mechanism, located at the rear of the truck. He stepped out of the truck cabin to attach the red and blue air lines to the chassis along with the electric cable. Once these were securely connected, the employee walke d around the truck to get access to the crank of the landing gear legs. Either h e did not apply the brakes, or the brakes were ineffective. As the landing gear legs retracted up off the ground, the truck and chassis rolled backward and side ways toward the employee. The employee was caught in between the moving chassis container and another stationary container located behind him. He was ultimately pinned between these two containers. A coworker, who was working nearby, discov ered the employee pinned between the two containers and immediately entered the cabin of truck number P9032. The coworker applied both the trailer air supply br akes and the parking brakes. The employee was crushed between two shipping conta iners and was killed. He was immediately pronounced dead on the scene. DOSH lear ned of this event on Wednesday, August 5, 2020, from an officer of the Los Angel es Port Police, who reported this incident to the Cal/OSHA Long Beach district o ffice. On the same day, the Division held an opening conference with the employe r at 9:30 a.m.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on April 22, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an overhead door suppli er, was repairing a broken overhead garage door motor assembly at a shopping mal l.  As he was aligning the sprocket, the door broke free, catching the employee' s left hand between the sprocket and the chain.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of three fingers that were la cerated and fractured.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 14, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a cra ne services company, were working at a multiemployer construction project.  They were at the top of a grain elevator and removing a deteriorated bucket elevator .  The bucket elevator collapsed, and Employee #1 rode on the collapsing bucket conveyor as it fell 12 feet to the elevator platform.  Employee #1 was caught an d pinned between the platform's walkway railing and the collapsed bucket elevato r.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal.  He was treated for a large laceration that extended around the left side o f his torso from his back to his abdomen.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on June 16, 2021, an employee was laying down a scre ed while standing on the platform of a moving paver. The operator of a roller lo st control of the roller and ran into the paver hitting the employee. The employ ee suffered a fractured fibula, head and possible internal injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on March 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a steel construction co mpany, was working at a multiemployer heavy construction building project.  He w as preparing to climb up a reinforcing steel wall that was being hoisted by a no n-rated spreader bar.  The rigging failed, and the steel wall fell onto Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hos pital.  He was admitted and treated for serious back and leg injuries.
struck_fatal	At 7:45 p.m. on May 30, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construc tion company, were working inside the work zone of a bridge construction project .  Employee #1 was operating a backpack air blower to clear debris on the bridge .  An oncoming vehicle driven by a drunk driver knocked down traffic control bar rels, entered the work zone, and struck Employee #1.  Employee #1 sustained mult iple traumatic injuries and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on February 18, 2019, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a framin g contractor, was framing an addition to a hotel above the concrete swimming poo l.  He was standing on a wood beam that had been lifted to the roof.  He was att empting to set the beam in place.  The wood beam measured 10.5 inches wide, 28 i nches deep, and approximately 40 feet long.  The employee, who was not using any form of fall protection, lost his balance and fell from the beam to the concret e, a fall height of 15.75 feet.  He struck his head on the concrete.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated - including surgery - for blunt force traumatic brain injury.
caught_nonfatal	On May 30, 2013, an incident occurred where Employee #1, located toward the rear of one of two work vehicles on site. Employee #1 fueled and positioned a water pump, near the edge of the flatbed truck so that he his coworker, could use a two man lift to move the pump from truck to job site. As Employee #1 stepped back from the flatbed, his heel was caught by the asphalt lip, where the public hwy meets the concrete gutter, and fell backwards. As Employee #1 began to fall, he grabbed the frame of the water pump pulling it with him. The water pump landed on top of Employee #1's right arm fracturing the elbow. Employee #1 was hospitalized due to the severity of the fracture.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:08 a.m. on April 10, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a sign company, were on a building roof and preparing to hang an advertising sign. Emp loyee #1 used a rope to hoist an aluminum ladder up from the alley.  He then gra bbed the upper end of the ladder and began to walk backwards while dragging the ladder along the parapet wall.  The lower end of the ladder rose up and made con tact with an energized high voltage power line operating at 4,800 volts that was in proximity to the building.  Employee #1 sustained an electric shock.  Emerge ncy services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He w as admitted and treated for multiple burns.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a multifamily residential structure.  After sliding pieces of p lywood from the second floor down to the first floor, he used a 14-foot aluminum extension ladder to descend from the second floor.  The employee slipped and fe ll to the first floor's concrete surface.  He was hospitalized for treatment of a bleeding and fractured skull.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on October 3, 2013, Employee #1 was installing and co nnecting electrical service. As he worked, he may have had a possible heart atta ck or contacted an electrical power source and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in roofing repair work at a two-story commercial building.  After cu tting material for the roof, he took several steps backward and fell off the roo f.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was ad mitted and treated for multiple rib fractures and internal injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 14, 2021, an employee, a maintenance worker, and a cowo rker went to the roof of the school to inspect a leak. After the inspection, the coworker came down first and when the employee was coming down the ladder, the roof hatch closed abruptly catching his finger between the support arms of the r oof hatch. The employee suffered a contusion to his left hand ring finger and wa s treated without hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 7:45 a.m. on April 27, 2021, an coworker was unraveling the straps on a bundl e of drywall from the bed of the delivery truck when a bundle fell. The bundle s truck an employee and killed him.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 23, 2020, Employee #1 was replacing ceiling light bulbs on a home's back deck. Employee #1 was standing on a ladder, and the ladder sli pped out from underneath him. He fell off the home's deck and landed on the home 's backyard rock wall. Employee #1 was killed from blunt force trauma due to the fall.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on February 22, 2020, an employee was installing aluminum panels on the roof of a new thirteen story building. The employee's lanyard was not corre ctly attached to an HVAC leg and at some point fell one hundred and thirty feet and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on March 23, 2017, an employee was working on a const ruction site where building renovation was taking place at multiple high rise of fice buildings.  A subcontractor was installing ceramic tiles for the general co ntractor, who was in charge of renovating the buildings located in the business plaza. The employee was using a steel drywall cart to move the ceramic tiles tha t measured approximately 5-ft by 10-ft from the truck to the location of the job site and then inside the building where they were to be installed. As he starte d to move the cart of tiles from the loading dock, the caster got caught in the dock leveler and the tiles fell onto the employees leg.  The tiles being transp orted via cart were not secured while they were being moved. The employees leg was fractured for which he was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on April 3, 2016, Employee #1 was working for a baking company. Min utes earlier, he and a truck driver had been having a conversation. They were ta lking about moving a trailer, because Employee #1 could not open the door of tra iler number 183 to complete his shift trailer checks. The driver stated that he was going to move the trailer from the side yard into a slot in the top yard. A slot was a parking spot for trailers; it was lined with yellow paint. The driver saw Employee #1 as he was walking toward the top yard from the side yard. The i ncident occurred in the top yard. Employee #1 was conducting yard trailer checks . Shift trailer checks were made to establish a trailers existence and the cont ents of the trailer, if any. Employee #1 was found unresponsive under a trailer perpendicular to the trailer being parked in slot number 38. Employee #1 was app arently pinned between two tractor trailers. It is thought he had been pinned be tween one stationary 16.2meter (53-foot) trailer and a trailer being backed int o a spot by a tractor truck. Four police officers, their sergeant and lieutenant , a crime scene unit, and a homicide detective responded, as did the fire depart ments Medic 20 unit. Employee #1 had sustained abrasions and contusions of the head, back and extremities. He also sustained subscalp hemorrhages; an Atlanto-o ccipital fracture or dislocation with cervical spinal cord contusion; fractures of the ribs, sternum, right radius and ulna; a fracture or dislocation of the sp ine at L1 and/or L2; contusions and lacerations of the lungs, liver, spleen, rig ht adrenal gland, right renal artery and vein and spinal cord; and hemothoraces (right 500 mL, left 600mL) and hemoperitoneum. The incident was originally repor ted as a non-accidental death that occurred on the employers property. The empl oyer was notified by Employee #1's family in a meeting on April 6 or 7, 2016, w ith the plant manager, who has since left for reported personal reasons.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on December 28, 2018, an employee was touching a wire without deen ergizing the line while standing on a ladder.  The employee sustained an electri cal shock and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on July 10, 2006, Employee #1 was performing his regular duties for an electric company in Porterville, CA. He was pulling electrical wire through the bottom of a 480-volt main panel box when he reached into the panel through a different opening and contacted the busbar. The current entered his left cheek and exited his left shoulder. Employee #1 sustained burns to his skin and was transported to Sierra View Hospital, where he was treated and released.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 5, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1, #2, and #3, employ ed by a construction company, were at the construction site for a three-story mu ltifamily residential building.  Employee #1 and Coworkers #1 and #2 were engage d in erecting and securing an exterior metal scaffold.  Coworker #3 was their su pervisor.  According to subsequent statements from Coworkers #1 and #2, Employee #1 was working alone on the upper levels of the scaffold.  He was tying braces near a corner of the structure.  Employee #1 fell from the third level of the sc affold, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  No one witnessed his fall, and he did not remember the circumstances.  After falling, he rose and walked into t he first level garage, where Coworker #3 found him.  Employee #1 was bleeding an d incoherent.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured pelvis, four fractu red ribs, a collapsed lung, a laceration to his liver, and head lacerations that required staples.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 p.m. on July 2, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction demolitio n company, was working inside a one-story winery that was being demolished.  He was working from a rolling stepladder when the ladder tipped over.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 12 to 12.5 feet.  Emergency services transported the empl oyee to the hospital, where he was admitted, and treated for a skull fracture an d a right foot fracture.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on May 5, 2020, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by a const ruction company, were assisting the two employees of a delivery company to unloa d doors at a residential construction site.  The doors were delivered in a box t ruck, stacked and secured by straps along the truck's wall.  One of the delivery employees unstrapped a stack of doors and took one door into the house.  The re maining stacked but now unstrapped doors began to tip away from the wall and fal l.  Employee #1 was struck in the head by six falling doors and pinned against a wall of the truck.  He sustained traumatic head injury and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on March 22, 2021, Employee #1 was observing a boring operation con ducted by a horizontal drill rig. Employee #1 was struck by a 1.25-inch diameter carbon steel pipe as it spun out of control. Employee received blunt force to t he chest and was killed by suffocation.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on February 24, 2017, Employee #1 was working as a full-time employ ee for a framing contractor. He was at  a new residential construction site and he was outside pushing a wheel barrel air compressor.  He was at location Phase 3, on the ground level.  A coworker was driving a Gradall Model Number 544D-10W all-terrain forklift. Its backup alarm was sounding. The coworker did not see Em ployee #1.  Employee #1 was wearing his reflective vest under his sweatshirt.  E mployee #1 was struck by the right rear tire of the Gradall and knocked to the g round.  His legs were run over by the Gradall's tire.  He sustained serious leg fractures and required hospitalization for greater than 24 hours.  Employee #1's immediate supervisor was on the job site at the time of the incident. The emplo yer reported the serious injury in a timely manner.  DOSH learned of the acciden t that same day.  The Division was notified on February 24, 2017, by both emerge ncy services and the employer that an employee had sustained a serious leg injur y.  No serious accident-related citations were issued as a result of the investi gation.
caught_fatal	At 1:39 p.m. on October 23, 2014, Employee #1 was placing wood under the right r ear wheels of a stuck semi-tractor for traction. Employee #2 was inside the stuc k semi tractor. Employee #1 was trapped under right rear wheels and he was kille d from head, shoulder, and chest injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 09:45 p.m. on August 07, 2019, an employee was pressure testing a container. The Aluminum lid, weighing approximately 22 lbs,  of the container, blew off cau sing severe lacerations of employee's left elbow.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 23, 2020, Employee #1 was replacing ceiling light bulbs on a home's back deck. Employee #1 was standing on a ladder, and the ladder sli pped out from underneath him. He fell off the home's deck and landed on the home 's backyard rock wall. Employee #1 was killed from blunt force trauma due to the fall.
struck_fatal	At 5:15 p.m. on October 28, 2016, Employee #1 and a coworker were working to loa d heavy equipment onto a flatbed truck.  While Employee #1 was operating a forkl ift to lift and push the equipment onto the flatbed, the equipment tipped over a nd crushed Employee #1.  Employee #1 died as a result of injuries sustained to h is upper torso and head.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:45 a.m. on August 13, 2010, Employee #1, a laborer and engineer, was laying a 3-in. pipe into a 6 ft long trench. He sustained a contusion on his leg and was treated and released.
electrocution_fatal	On June 24, 2011, Employee #1 was operating an aerial lift attempting to maneuve r around an energized 7,000 volt power line.  Employee #1 was attempting to posi tion the lift at a higher elevation where two employees were both repairing and painting the side of a barn. He was attempting to position the basket of the aer ial between the face of the barn and the 2 overhead power lines.  Employee #1 wa s electrocuted when his head struck an energized overhead electrical power line. The two energized 7,000 volt power lines were situated approximately 20 feet f rom the barn and approximately 30 feet above grade.  The company had no safety p rogram and was not aware that they could have contacted Commenwealth Edison to e ither de-energized the lines or insulate them. As a result, the employee struck the line with his head during the maneuvering process and was immediately electr ocuted. No personal protective equipment was provided that could have potentiall y protected the employee. Additionally, none of the employees had received any s afety training.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on January 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story commercial bu ilding.  He ascended to the roof to retrieve a board.  Employee #1 fell through the skylight to a wooden deck, a fall height of approximately 14 feet.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for traumatic head injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:11 p.m. on May 3, 2019, Employee #1 was assisting his employer, the owner o f a roofing company, during renovation work at a two-story single-family residen ce.  The work involved climbing a scaffold constructed by another contractor.  T he scaffold had no fixed ladder, lacked end rails, and was not fully planked on the first level.  As Employee #1 attempted to climb onto the scaffold without us ing fall protection, he fell, a fall height of 10 feet, and struck the base of a palm tree decorated with rocks.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a laceration and contusion of the forehea d.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on July 10, 2006, Employee #1, of Select Heating and Air Conditioning, Inc., was repairing a three-phase, 460-volt HVAC unit at a commercial building. The Carrier heat pump, model 50JS-048-601, serial #2505G41055, had stopped working, and he was trying to take out the motor to see if the shaft was locked or stuck. As Employee #1 was working, he accidentally touched the capacitor underneath the motor. He received a one-phase or approximately 277-volt shock and suffered a third-degree burn on his left thumb. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and then held overnight for observation. Employee #1 stated that the capacitor did not have a rubber cover, and that he had not worn rubber gloves or used any insulated material to prevent accidental contact with the energized capacitor.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on March 15, 2017, an employee was replacing light fi xtures. He made contact with live wire. The electricity shocked the employee and he fell off of the ladder, injuring his shoulder. The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on September 12, 2015, Employee #1, a handyman, was working on a st ructure above a stream. The employee fell and landed in the stream. The employee sustained trauma to his head and chest as well as injuries to his arm. Employee #1 was taken to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead.
electrocution_fatal	On March 7, 2008, Employee #1 was working as a lineman for Delaware Electric Cooperative, Inc. He was on call, and he got a call to bypass a faulty meter at a residence in Dagsboro, DE. Employee #1 went to the house and disconnected the incoming power (two 120-volt lines) before removing the meter and installing a temporary bypass in place of the meter. He then went back up in the aerial lift and restored the power by reattaching the two lines. Employee #1 was electrocuted when he contacted the two connections with his hands. It is believed that Employee #1 contacted the wires as he was pushing them away from the bucket before descending. Employee #1 was not wearing insulated gloves, insulated sleeves, or fall protection at the time of the accident, and he was working alone.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 19, 2018, an employee was painting a pedestrian bridge from a scissor lift when a truck drove through the traffic control markers and s truck the lift.  The employee was ejected from the scissor lift and struck the g round with his head, killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on February 4, 2007, Employee #1 was helping to run electric wires from a master disconnect box when he contacted the main electrical feed busbar. He was knocked unconscious and suffered electrical burns to his right hand. Coworkers provided CPR until Emergency Services arrived. Employee #1 was transported by Life Flight to a hospital in Wichita, KS, for treatment. Subsequent investigation found that the access panel near the top of the 4,160-volt main disconnect had been removed and had not been put back in place. In addition, Employee #1 was not wearing personal protective equipment nor had the equipment been de-energized.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 9, 2022,, an employee was using a manual cutter to cut a 10 foot, 3.5 inch diameter metal pipe when he stood up from a crouching position, stumbled, and slid to the floor. The employee was pronounced dead on the scene b y emergency services.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on April 28, 2016, Employee #1 was emptying his comme rcial garbage truck at the landfill. Employee #1 was outside the vehicle, operat ing the external hydraulic controls for his vehicle. A coworker was delivering c onstruction debris from an end dump tractor/trailer adjacent to Employee #1 on a soft soil surface. The coworker felt the load begin to shift and the trailer st art to fall toward Employee #1 and dropped his trailer into the static position. The hydraulics did not release or lower the elevated trailer fast enough and th e bed fell sideways to the ground, clipping the cab of Employee #1's vehicle and crushing Employee #1 with construction debris that spilled from the end dump tr ailer. Approximately 45,000 lb of construction debris fell onto and around Emplo yee #1. It took hours to extract Employee #1 and he was pronounced dead at the s cene from multiple traumatic injuries over his body.
caught_nonfatal	On October 9, 2008, an employee was cleaning the hopper with rotary airlock to take off free flow ingredients with spatula followed by vacuuming and finally a cotton rag was used. The employee stated that he was cleaning the rotary airlock as was normal practice to do so by removing the grill and pressing the stop button located on the equipment. The hopper with rotary airlock was not deenergized or disengaged by following any lock out tag out procedures. The employee stated that as he was cleaning the rotary airlock, it inadvertently started to rotate and his left hand was caught. The employee stated that at the time of the accident, he didn't know what caused the rotary airlock to rotate that resulted in the employee's left hand index, middle, and ring finger to be amputated. It was later determined that the hopper with rotary airlock was not deenergized or disengaged using lockout tagout procedures. After the accident, the employee was transported to LA County USC Medical Center via ambulance, where he was hospitalized and treated for the amputation of his left hand index, middle, and ring finger.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:25 a.m. on November 2, 2017, an employee was using a Raymond Electric Rider double pallet jack (model number: 841; serial number 841-15-26235) to pick up a loaded pallet. During operation, the employee was driving at a fast speed that caused him to apply the brakes; however, inadvertently depressed the acceleratio n pedal instead. The employee lost control of the pallet jack and crashed into a steel bollard. The employee crushed his right foot between the pallet jack and the steel bollard. The employee was taken to a nearby medical center where he wa s admitted for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on August 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working at a multiemployer construction project.  He had accessed the flat roof to set up the fall protection system.  Before utilizing the fall protection, Em ployee #1 fell from the roof, a fall height of approximately 11 feet.  He struck his head on the concrete pavement.  Emergency services were called, and Employe e #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and  treated for blunt fo rce trauma to the head.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on September 6, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a utility contracto r, was engaged in electrical power transmission work.  He was working from an el evated bucket of a boom truck and installing an electrical riser conductor on a power pole.  The conductor he was holding came into contact with a live 14.4 kil ovolt power line.  Employee #1 sustained an electrical shock and burns to both h ands.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported and admit ted to the hospital.  His injuries were severe and required amputation of multip le fingers.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 6, 2018, an employee was operating a dump truck in the stock pile area.  The employee was walking to the loading area to speak with a coworker when he was struck by a dump truck that was backing up.  The employee s uffered crushing injuries to his head and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	On December 4, 2013, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by Valley Trinity Construction Co., Inc., was engaged in interior carpentry work at a commercial building. He fell from a ceiling joist, a fall height of approximately 6 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, where he was admitted and treated for bruising/abrasions to his back and neck.
fall_nonfatal	On March 24, 2017, an employee was working on the roof, carrying roofing panels. The employee unhooked his lanyard and was blown off the roof by a gust of wind and fell to the ground on a concrete surface.  The employee suffered from fractu red skull, concussion and other broken bones and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 1, 2016 an employee was performing roofing work.  The e mployee fell from the roof and hit the ground. The employee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On or about 3:30 p.m. on November 6, 2008, Employee #1, a 31 year-old-male working for Atm Plumbing, was working in a crawl space under a private house. The crawl space was wet from recent rains. Employee #1 was using a manual operated pipe cutter to cut a water pipe when he received an electrical shock and became unconscious. Employee #2 was also under the house using a trouble light to illuminate the work area was not using a GFCI. Unbeknown to Employee #1 the water pipe that he was working on was also used for the electrical grounding system for the house. Employee #2 pulled him out of the crawl space. Paramedics transported Employee #1 to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8 a.m. on July 25, 2011, Employee #1 was working as a mechanical helper for Los Angeles City Fire Department Supply & Maintenance Division providing supplies and maintaining the entire fleet of light and heavy duty apparatus. Employee #1 was working in the electrical room adjacent to the light duty vehicle shop when a coworker came in asking for a new battery cable. Employee #1 inspected the battery cable the coworker brought in, and determined that it was okay to use. Employee #1 and his coworker went out to the light duty vehicle shop and coworker attempted to connect a series of three batteries on a rescue ambulance being serviced while Employee #1 was observing next to him, when the coworker began to connect the terminals positive-to-positive and negative-to-negative, not noticing that the middle battery had been placed backwards in the compartment tray, sparks and arc started shooting out. Employee #1 and his coworker stepped back; Employee #1 stumbled and tripped on a bolt at the base plate of the automotive lift. Employee #1 fell onto his right side between an automotive lift post and a wall. Paramedics arrived at the site; Employee #1 was transported to Los Angeles County USC Medical Center by the paramedics. Emp1oyee #1 was then transferred to the University Hospital on July where he underwent surgery for a fracture on his right hip, a torn meniscus and cartilage in his right knee and hospitalized by his injury.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:32 p.m. on August 21, 2008, Employee #1, a 37-year-old male, with Action Electric, was installing new wiring to an existing energized 120-volt, 15-amp branch circuit. Employee #1 contacted the energized wiring with his right arm while holding grounded conduit with his left hand and was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on May 29, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a framing constru ction company, were engaged in roofing activity at the site of a new two-story c ommercial building.  Employee #1 was climbing down a ladder when he fell a heigh t of 12 feet, striking Employee #2.  Both employees were transported to the hosp ital, where they were admitted for treatment of fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on January 8, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction company in the water and wastewater services industry, was delivering sand and gravel t o the second floor of a building.  The sand and gravel were in a bag mounted on a forklift.  The bag broke, and Employee #1 tripped and fell through a second fl oor wall opening to the pavement.  Emergency services were called, and the emplo yee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fra ctured wrist.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 4, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in exterior carpentry at a building site.  He was walking across a beam when he fell through a roof opening, a fall height of 16 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for multiple fractures and internal injuries.
fall_fatal	At 6:30 a.m. on February 24, 2022, an employee was working as a driver for a con struction firm that built highways. bridges, and structures. He drove heavy truc ks. While inspecting a tri-axle dump truck before leaving the yard, he discovere d two lights not working on the rear left of the dump bed. One was at a lower po sition, and the other was approximately 9 feet (2.7 meters) from the ground. He pulled the truck inside the shop and raised the dump bed slightly to lower the l ight to 8 feet (2.4 meters) from the floor. Another truck driver came to assist the employee with the lower light, while the employee started to work on the upp er light. The other truck driver left to get cutters to cut a zip tie on the low er light. He had tried needle-nose pliers but could not cut the zip tie with the m. When he returned, he found the employee on the floor bleeding from his head. The employee had fallen and struck the rear of his head on a concrete surface. H e suffered a skull fracture. He was hospitalized, but he died from his injuries. It was thought that the employee was on the folding ladder trying to break the zip tie with the needle-nose pliers. When the zip tie was broken, the force of t he break caused him to fall backward from the ladder to the floor. The electrica l tie was found broken or cut but still wrapped around the original bad light. A n erect standing Werner 6-foot (1.8-meter) single-sided folding stepladder was n ear the back left side of the truck. A pair of needle-nose pliers was on the flo or. The zip tie that was still on the light had been cut. The work floor was in good condition. No workers observed the employee on the folding ladder. It was a common practice for operators to replace the lights and use the folding ladder to reach the upper light. The operator would stand on the second rung of the lad der at a height of 2 feet (0.6 meters) to complete this work. Workers interviewe d stated that they did not have any issues when they used the folding ladder.
caught_nonfatal	On August 7, 2012, Employee #1 of La Express One Inc., had delivered two pallets of metal doors to the site. Employee #1 was on top of the truck sliding the doors to the edge of the truck where two workers on the bottom would then lift them off. One of the workers yanked on a door while Employee #1 was pulling the door away from the cab. Employee #1's finger was caught between the top door and the bottom door and resulted in the amputation of tip of his finger. Employee #1 was transported to Western Medical, Santa Ana, Ca, where he was treated for his injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:38 a.m. on March 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a pipeline excavation.  He used a ladder in an attempt to climb out of the excavation.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 4 feet, and struck th e soil and rocks below.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for back and hip pain.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on April 11, 2013, Employee #1, a lineman, was part of a storm res toration team replacing a utility pole with a new one on a radial feed.  The emp loyee climbed a second pole to connect the new pole.  A coworker was sent to de- energize the system, but turned off the wrong switch. The employee on the utilit y pole had not yet tested the primary line with his electrical tester.  As Emplo yee #1 reached up with his left ungloved hand, he made contact with a 7,200 volt primary power line. The voltage went from his hand, through his body and exited his left foot, electrocuting and killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	On November 23, 2013, Employee #1, of Applied Power Systems, Inc., was performing maintenance/repair work at a manufacturing plant. He was cleaning and re-torquing the internal components of a 12,400 volt (phase to phase) switchgear cabinet (7,200 volts phase to ground). His head made contact with an energized portion of the cabinet's interior. He received a high voltage electrical shock to his head, both hands, and one knee. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for this serious electrical exposure.
struck_nonfatal	On March 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in roofing activity at a single family residence.  He was working from a ladder ja ck scaffold when the scaffold broke.  The employee fell, a fall height of 11 fee t, and struck the concrete surface.  He was transported to the hospital and admi tted for treatment of a fractured rib.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 22, 2015, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a cons truction company, were positioning bundled concrete supports onto a front end lo ader for transport off the job site.  Employee #1 cut the metal band holding the concrete supports tightly together in order to re-stack and re-bundle the suppo rts.  When the band released, the bundle flew apart, and a support struck Employ ee #1's leg.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a broken femur.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:55 a.m. on April 26, 2017, an employee was installing two woo d power distribution poles.  The employee had completed setting the last pole an d was stepping onto his work truck. The truck derrick made contact with the 7,20 0-volt overhead power line. The truck's metal door handle became energized and t he employee was electrocuted and received first, second and third degree burns h is to right hand and right leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on February 17, 2022, Employee #1 was working as part of a crew ins talling a new roof on a three-story multi-family structure. The roof had open si des and Employee #1 was not wearing fall protection at time of incident. Employe e #1 fell 30-feet hitting a wood stair handrail on the way down and landing on t he compact dirt ground.  Employee #1 was hospitalized and treated for multiple b ody injuries, including a skull fracture and spinal injuries.
struck_fatal	At 6:15 p.m. on July 21, 2020, an employee was loading a large tandem axel compr essor onto the Industrial Carrier (heavy-duty rollback) vehicle.  While securing the compressor down to his vehicle, another vehicle struck and killed the emplo yee.  The employee sustained massive blunt force trauma.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:15 a.m. on November 19, 2015, a worker was moving a ladder when it came int o contact with an electrical wire from a utility pole. The worker was electrocut ed as a result.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:35 p.m. on June 11, 2019, an employee stood on a job made platform to pain t soffits. Platform was made of two twelve-foot long by twelve-inch wide planks elevated on nailed brackets made of two-inch by four-inch pieces of wood. While working, the platform collapsed and the employee fell approximately four feet. T he employee was hospitalized to treat unspecified shoulder and back injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 12, 2017, an employee was pulling on a rope to break a s ection of a cut tree trunk.  The employee was pulled into the air by the piece o f the tree, and when it broke loose. The piece landed on the employee's leg.  Th e employee was hospitalized where his leg was amputated.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 19, 2016, an employee was preparing to remove the garag e roof of a 4 unit apartment complex. He stepped on decomposed sheeting, lost ba lance, and fell nine feet onto a concrete driveway. There were no witnesses. The employee sustained head trauma and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on December 7, 2017, an employee was unblocking a condenser machin e by manually rolling the conveyor belt out and caught his right hand pinky in t he conveyor belt.  The employee amputated the top portion of his finger and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a company that manufa ctured window and door systems, was operating a bending machine. His hand became caught in moving parts of the machine.  Emergency services were called and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the pa rtial amputation of two fingers.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on November 3, 2014, an employee was delivering sheet rock material. The employee was struck in the head by a Stanley Fatmax 30 inch t ape measurer that fell 50 stories. The employee sustained a fractured skull and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 p.m. on January 28, 2018, an employee was working for a towing company. He was preparing to load a disabled vehicle onto the truck he was driving. He wa s struck by a motorist. He sustained multiple blunt trauma injuries, and died as a result of his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 17, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a concret e products company, were attempting to remove a hatch door from its frame.  The entire pre-assembled hatch assembly, East Jordan Iron Works Part Number 8196, co nsisted of a cast iron frame, a 30-inch by 30-inch cast iron hatch door, a stain less steel spring-assisted strut, and a self-engaging safety bar.  The assembly weighed approximately 520 pounds.  As the two workers attempted to remove the st rut that acted as a lift assist for the door, the compressed spring-loaded strut flew apart and struck Employee #1's right hand.  Emergency services were called , and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for an amputated right index finger and fractured thumb.  The surgical staff was able to reattach the amputated finger.
fall_fatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 1, 2019, an employee was installing insulation and metal r oofing on a manufacturing plant. The employee stepped from the roofing material, fell through the insulation, and was killed upon striking the concrete floor.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 17, 2015, an employee was cleaning up construction debri s and scrap created by a roof decking crew. The employee was standing on a secon d-story breezeway bridge while collecting scrap lumber handed down by the employ ee on the roof. As a result of falling 11 ft from an unprotected edge of the bri dge, the employee was killed from blunt force injuries to the skull.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:50 p.m. on December 18, 2018, an employee was set up to test a system when he sustained burns to his face, neck, and hands from an arc flash.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on July 26, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction c ompany, were working at a multiemployer highway construction project.  They were inside an area of the road that had been closed, and they were setting up traff ic control cones in preparation for the construction work.  A personally owned m otor vehicle driven by a non-worker entered the closed area and struck both empl oyees.  Employee #1 was killed, the cause of death being head and body injuries sustained when he was struck by the motor vehicle.  Emergency services transport ed Employee #2 to the hospital., where he was admitted and treated for severe he ad trauma.  The subsequent investigation determined that the work area closure h ad been set up properly.  In addition, both employees were wearing Class III ref lective garments.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on January 8, 2022, an employee was loading mail onto a truck from another truck when he fell off of the lift gate onto the concrete ground. The em ployee was hospitalized to treat a fractured left knee.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on August 3, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a paving company, was w orking at a road site.  He was operating a water truck from the truck cab and pe rforming dust control.  Employee #1 drove the water truck into a trench, and the truck rolled onto its left side.  Employee #1 did not sustain any physical inju ries, but did complain of soreness from hitting components inside the truck cab.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 26, 2016, an employee was walking from where he had been fin ishing concrete to his personal vehicle, talking on a mobile phone. He passed be hind a Komatsu Loader (Model W320-7) as it was backing up and was run over. The employee died approximately 4 hours later while undergoing surgery.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on March 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing c ompany, was engaged in framing work at the site of a one-story commercial buildi ng construction project.  He was installing a metal hold down Simpson Strong Tie HDQS when a piece of lumber measuring 16 feet by 6 inches by 6 inches fell from above and struck his upper back.  The left side of Employee #1's face then stru ck the top of the metal hardware he was installing.  Emergency services were cal led, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treat ed for facial fractures and lacerations.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on September 13, 2017, an employee was loading a tarp to lift debri s off of the roof.  The load knocked over the warning line and the employee went to the roof edge to recover the stanchion.  The load struck the employee knocki ng him off of the roof.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on May 28, 2015, employees were doing renovation work on the interi or of an approximate 4 million gallon water tank which entails sandblasting and recoating.  Employee #1 and the foreman were working outside of one of the tanks preparing to fill a highway towable 160 cubic foot bulk blast machine unit for use.  The blast machine was used on the previous day and was not depressurized. The foreman was on the forklift preparing to lift the bulk bag of abrasives whi le Employee #1 climbed the ladder to the top of the blast machine.  As Employee #1 loosened the six buckles that fasten the main hatch door, the air pressure an d door blew him off the machine and on to the ground.   The employee suffered in tracranial hemorrhage from blunt force trauma of neck and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 3:19 p.m. on September 3, 2013, Employee #1 and coworkers were done on the jobsite and were wrapping up demolition hauling for the day. Employee #1 was leaving the building towards the main entrance when a 19 ft by 15 in. wooden beam along with the wooden braces that supported the beam fell with a sling, and wrapped around the employee's right arm. The beam bounced back and struck Employee #1's shoulder blade. The beam landed on an old metal box, which struck the employee's head. Employee #1 was taken to an area hospital, where he was treated for bruises to his right shoulder and arm. The employee was also, treated for a mild concussion. Employee #1 was released on September 5, 2013.
caught_fatal	On August 31, 2011, Employee #1 was operating a Ford diesel hauling truck, Model Number L800. While he was located in his employer's company storage area that contained dumpsters and truck transports, operating the truck's controls, he became caught between the lift bed and truck frame. There were no witnesses to the incident; however, at approximately 10:00 a.m. a coworker arrived at the storage area, where he found Employee #1 kneeling just behind the cab of the truck on the driver's side and unresponsive. The coworker raised the lift bed, and pulled Employee #1 out from under it. Emergency services were contacted and, the Contra Costa Fire Department arrived approximately 5 minutes later, at 10:05 a.m. Employee #1 was determined dead at 10:16 a.m. as result of severe trauma received to his upper torso, both front and back.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on September 27, 2019, Employee #1 was conducting a land clearing (grubbing) operation, at the work site, for future commercial construction.  Emp loyee #1 directed a truck driver, to the disposal area to dump hauled material ( dirt).  After the truck driver completed dumping the hauled material, the traile r of the aggregate truck struck Employee #1 and as a result, Employee #1 sustain ed multiple internal injuries and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:46 a.m. on January 15, 2019, an employee was unloading rolling bins from a trailer. A coworker entered the trailer driving a forklift and struck and pinned the employee against the trailer. The employee fractured his hip, ankle and foo t and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 1, 2016, Employee #1 was working from a ladder to install a fabricated header. The header was held in place by a 6 inch by 6 inch wooden post that was stabilized through the use of a floor jack.  As Employee #1 was on the ladder, the post came loose, striking the ladder.  Employee #1 fell from th e ladder, striking his neck against a 10 inch piece of wood. The wood piece punc tured his carotid artery and Employee #1 died.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:30 a.m. on November 2, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a mechanical construction company, were working at a multiemployer construction site for a ne w multifamily residential building.  They were installing plumbing pipes when a rebar mat weighing 700,000 pounds collapsed and trapped the two employees.  Emer gency workers were called and the employees were extracted and transported to th e hospital.  They were treated for abrasions and contusions and released.
caught_nonfatal	On September 17, 2012, Employee #1, a 33-year-old male with United Natural Foods West, Inc. was operating an industrial truck at the distribution center located in Rocklin, California. Shortly after beginning his work shift, Employee #1 retrieved his assigned forklift and began traveling to the office to pick up his work orders for the day. As he was exiting the forklift charging aisle and making the left hand turn onto the main thoroughfare, Employee #1 over-steered the forklift. Employee #1 attempted to correct the position of the forklift, but turned the steering wheel in the wrong direction, colliding with a concrete barrier positioned at the end of the aisle way. Employee #1's left leg was pinned between the concrete barrier and the forklift as the collision occurred. Emergency Medical Services were summoned and Employee #1 was transported to Sutter Hospital in Roseville. Employee #1 was hospitalized for three-days and underwent surgery for the repair of crushed tibular and fibular bones in the left lower leg, which resulted in a metal rod being placed in the leg.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 p.m. on July 22, 2021, an employee was cutting joints into a concrete ba rrier and fell approximately twenty feet. The employee landed in a river and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 7, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an electrical services compan y, were attempting to relocate a busbar.  A metal hand tool made contact and an arc flash ensued.  Both employees were burned.  Emergency services were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital.  Both were hospitalize d and treated for electrical burns.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on November 26, 2018, an employee was installing top plates on a s teel I-beam that weighed approximately 2, 500 lbs using a bolt that was on unlev eled ground.  The employee fractured his leg and lacerations when he leaned on t he beam and it fell, striking him.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on August 14, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing rehabilitati on work on a residence's carport.  As he prepared to throw shingles from the roo f into a trailer, the carport collapsed.  The employee jumped 8 feet to the grou nd.  He was treated for a sprain/strain that did not require hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 8, 2016, an employee parked his vehicle and was walking to an area where he was to apply sealant to expansion joints.  The vehicle he e xited rolled down the ramp and rolled over him, crushing him to death.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on November 14, 2011, Employee #1, a driver, was climbing down from a truck rim from where he was standing. He used the truck rim to access a load strap. As he descended, his left hand caught the truck bed railing, causing ring finger amputation. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he underwent procedures to repair the finger amputation and was hospitalized to receive postoperative care.
fall_fatal	At about 1:45 p.m. on August 28, 2014, Employee #1, a truck driver, was loading a metal bin containing recyclable aluminum radiators on a roll-off truck. The el evated hoist became entangled with an overhead telecommunication line.  Employee #1 climbed onto the roll-off hoist to free the line.  Once freed, the tension i n the communication line caused Employee #1 to fall from the hoist.  Employee #1 was killed when he head struck the metal frame to the automatic tarp system on the truck.
electrocution_fatal	On February 24, 2006, Employee #1 was engaged in his regular work when he contacted an energized 7,000-volt electrical line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on July 18, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a mechan ical contractor, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a water t reatment facility.  They were on top of the Clarifier/Flocculation Basin and pus hing stems through two open hatches.  As Coworker #1 pushed the stems into the g uides, Employee #1 peered into one of the open hatches to help line up the stems .  Coworker #1 requested cribbing to hold up the stems.  As Employee #1 turned t o go for the needed material, he stepped into and fell through the open hatch to the concrete surface below, a fall height of approximately 22.5 feet.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractured ribs, a punctured lung, a fractured shoulder blade, crushed vertebrae, and a ruptured back disc.
caught_nonfatal	On October 26, 2009, Employee #1, a laborer, was working for a masonry company. He was assigned to mix grout in a mixer at a construction site. After adding the dry materials and water to the mixer, he determined that additional water was needed. He walked around the mixer to get a hose so that he could add a little more water. As he approached the mixer, with the hose in hand, Employee #1 slipped and he fell forward toward the mixer. He reached out with both hands to break his fall, when his left hand contacted the outer wall of the mixer and his right hand entered the mixing tub. His gloved right hand contacted the operational mixing paddles of the mixer, severely injuring his right ring finger and the tip of his right pinky finger. A passing construction worker turned off the mixer, helped free him from the mixer wall, and contacted emergency services. The West Sacramento Fire Department responded and Employee #1 was taken to UC Davis Medical Center in Sacramento, California, where he underwent surgery to remove the tip of his right pinky finger and repair his ring finger.
struck_fatal	At 9:41 a.m. on June 20, 2021, an employee was working as a heavy equipment oper ator for a nationwide big box retailer. He was working in a distribution center. He was operating a stand-up type powered industrial truck. The truck was a reac h-type forklift. He was trailing a loaded pallet of meat into the warehouse area . He drove his forklift directly into an elevated and loaded pallet, which was l ocated on a second forklift, as the operator of the second forklift was preparin g to place that pallet onto a storage rack. The loaded pallet had been elevated to a height that was approximately that of the employee's torso. The employee wa s transported to a local hospital and then sent to a metropolitan hospital, wher e he died later that same day. The medical examiner assigned his cause of death to be blunt impact trauma, mainly involving the torso.
fall_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on October 28, 2021, an employee worked to remove underlayment on a residential roof. While pulling up a section, it pulled up easier than expecte d, the employee lost balance and fell approximately seventeen feet. The employee received a skull fracture and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On July 21, 2010, Employee #1 was working for C & G Plastics, dba C&G Mercury Plastics. He has been with the company thirteen years. C&G Mercury Plastics manufactured different plastic components for many industries, but it made mostly aircraft parts, by the process of injection molding. Employee #1 was asked by the operator of a forklift to help him hoist a large die into an injection molding machine. This operation required a chain sling with attached hooks at each end. One end of the sling was attached to an eyebolt in the center of the die and the other to an eyebolt in the forks. After each chain hook had been attached to an eyebolt, Employee #1 held the hook and chain on the die's eyebolt as it was being raised, to keep the hook from coming loose. The forklift operator asked an assistant to give him the "lift" sign to commence lifting. Employee #1 did not notice that his right ring finger was in a pinch point between the outer surface of the hook and the chain. As the forks were being raised, tension was applied to the loose chain. When the slack ran out, the chain straightened and came in toward the hook, crushing Employee #1's fingertip. Employee #1 had performed this operation hundreds of times without incident. Employee #1 was taken to the hospital and was treated and released the same day. It was felt that the employer could not have known of the existence of the violation.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on February 15, 2022, Employee #1 and two coworkers were performing utility line clearance tree trimming work along a 7.2 kilovolt distribution lin e. Employee #1 had climbed a cherry tree approximately 35 ft high by 7 in diamet er at the base. One lanyard of his personal fall arrest system (PFAS) had a tie- in location approximately 29 ft from the ground. As he descended the tree, Emplo yee #1 removed the second lanyard of his PFAS so he could reattach it and contin ue his descent. Before he could reattach the second lanyard, his climbing line p osition and the outward lean of the tree caused his body to move away from the m ain stem of the tree. When his weight shifted, the limb (serving as a tie-in loc ation for the first lanyard) broke about 6 ft below the tie-in point, causing th e employee to fall approximately 13 feet to the ground. When his coworkers heard a noise and a yell, they responded and called 911. Employee #1 was hospitalized to treat compression fractures to L1 & L2 vertebrae.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 10, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was e ngaged in reroofing activity at a one-story commercial building.  He was on the roof and installing insulation in preparation for installing a single-ply roofin g membrane (TPO).  Employee #1 stepped onto a flush-mount skylight and fell thro ugh the skylight, a fall height of 26 feet.  Emergency services transported him to the hospital, where he later died of his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 13, 2016, an employee was crossing the roadway to get sa lt and shovel to clear snow.  The employee was struck and killed by an automobil e.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on February 25, 2019, an employee climbed an extension ladder to wo rk. At some point, for an unknown reason, the employee lost balance and fell fro m the ladder. The employee was taken to a local hospital to treat a wrist fractu re.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an air conditioning an d heating contractor, was working at a building job site.  He was getting a temp erature reading of the building's HVAC system.  He removed the temperature gauge from the suction line, which involved removing the electrical tape.  In so doin g, he sustained a cut to his left hand middle finger when it came into contact w ith the outer part of the HVAC unit.  Initially, Employee #1 considered the cut minor.  However, two weeks later he required treatment when the cut became infec ted.  He received hospital treatment for a bacterial infection and finger cellul itis.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 19, 2013, Employee #1, of Jade Inc., was working alone at an apartment building construction site. He was standing on a ladder and sanding windows as part of a window installation. The ladder slid, and Employee #1 fell approximately 12 feet to the floor. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured jaw, broken teeth, and a dislocated elbow. He remained hospitalized for four days. The employer reported this incident to Cal/OSHA on September 20, 2013. The subsequent investigation determined that Jade Inc. was a drywall and plastering construction company operating as a subcontractor at the construction site. Employee #1 had been employed by Jade Inc. for 11 years. The ladder involved in the incident had been removed from the job site following the incident. Employee #1's fall occurred because the ladder had not been secured/blocked to prevent it from moving.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on September 18, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a co nstruction company, were working at a heavy construction job site.  Employee #1 was instructing his coworker in the operation of a Bobcat S590 Skid Loader.  The coworker was in the operator's cab, and Employee #1 stood outside the cab and c onducted the training.  When the loader's power was started, the forklift attach ment tilted toward the cab and struck Employee #1, crushing him between the hydr aulic hose housing and the forklift attachment.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he required treatment for a lacerated colon, four fractured ribs, and a fractured pelvis.
struck_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on August 8, 2014, Employee #1 was installing a door on a second f loor balcony, using a skid-steer. The employee was riding on the work platform o f the skid-steer when he fell off, fractured his skull and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on April 7, 2017, an employee was using an impact wr ench just before the accident.  Employee was under the part affixed to the fixtu re when two welded studs holding it to the support arms broke. The 3,000 pound p art fell atop the employee working beneath it.  At the time of the accident, the positioner arms were inverted so that the part was upside down, and was support ed solely by the two butt welded bolts. The employee was crushed and killed.
caught_fatal	On December 12, 2009, Employee #1 was working as part of a five man construction crew lowering a single family residence down approximately 5 ft to meet the shortened foundation wall. Employee #1 was crushed and trapped between a support beam and a small section of beam stock, when the structure collapsed. Employee #1 was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on March 16, 2018, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction company, were inspecting a 6.9 kilovolt switchgear compartment at a multiemploye r construction project.  An arc flash occurred, and both employees were burned. Emergency services were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital and admitted.  Employee #1 was treated for second and third degree bur ns to his arm, hand, and chest, and first and second degree burns to his face. Employee #2 was treated for second and third degree burns to his face and arms.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on April 9, 2014, Employee #1, employed by Bay Mountain Air Inc., was working at a multifamily residential building that was being renovated. He was on the second floor and installing a metal grease trap duct. Employee #1 fell through a floor opening, hit a ladder, and then fell to the concrete floor below, a fall height of approximately 16 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a concussion. This event was investigated by Cal/OSHA. The investigation determined that the employer was a plumbing, heating, and air conditioning contractor.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:48 p.m. on January 22, 2020, Employee #1 was working on a bridge rehabilit ation project.  He was walking on the deck of a suspended scaffold system that w as in the process of being dismantled.  The employee unclipped his lanyard to ge t around a bridge support.  The scaffold deck dropped out from under him, causin g him to fall 35 to 40 feet into a river.  A rescue team retrieved the employee from the river, and emergency medical services transported him to the hospital. The employee was admitted for treatment of multiple injuries, including a ruptu red spleen, internal bleeding, and bodily contusions.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 15, 2017, an employee was using a torch to cut up a vehicl e trailer for scrap.  The employee was cutting the vehicle transport trailer for scrap and the section of the trailer that was used as a ramp to get the vehicle s on the upper portion of the trailer collapsed onto the employee. The employee was crushed and killed by injuries to his entire body, mainly his torso region.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on April 16, 2013, Employee #1 was merging off the shoulder onto th e highway. The employee caught the bed lip of the truck on a cable line.  While attempting to dislodge the cable line,  another vehicle struck the line, ejectin g the employee into the air. Employee #1 sustained a left upper extremity amputa tion and blunt force trauma, killing him.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 19, 2018, Employee #1, a sheet metal worker apprentice, a nd coworkers, employed by a steel erection construction company, were working at a private residential site.  They were constructing a new single-story pre-engi neered steel building, a warehouse/studio.  As Employee #1 and coworkers did a c leaning of the job site after completing the construction, Employee #1 stepped o n a wet sheet of metal, slipped, and fell, landing on his open left palm.  Emplo yee #1 was transported to a hospital and then a second hospital, where he was ad mitted and underwent surgery for a deep laceration to his hand.  Employee #1 rem ained hospitalized for five days.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an exterior home improvem ents company, was working on the roof of a two-story residential building.  He w as installing valley tin when he unhooked his fall protection lanyard, because t he rope was caught on a roof jack.  Employee #1 fell onto the valley tin and the n to the ground, a fall height of approximately 20 feet.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for lacerations to his face and arms.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 10, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was working at a multiemployer building construction site. He was standing alon gside a pipe that measured 100 feet by 8 inches and that was set on a stand as i t was being cut. The pipe rolled off the stand, fell, and struck Employee #1's l eg. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal. He was admitted and treated for a fracture to his leg.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on January 7, 2019, an employee was opening a transformer cabinet when an electric arc occurred and he sustained second degree burns to his hands. The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 27, 2019, an employee was struck by a Gradall 544D-10 material handler while standing next to the equipment reviewing paperwork. The e mployee was taken to a nearby hospital where he was determined dead.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:00 a.m. on January 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working at a multiemployer project, the construction of a new multifamily residential structure.  He was engaged in cleaning when a 4 by 6 wood joist fell off the bottom of a deck table and struck his shoulder and neck.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of injuries sustained when he was struck.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on August 1, 2016, Employee #1 was working from a ladder to install a fabricated header. The header was held in place by a 6 inch by 6 inch wooden post that was stabilized through the use of a floor jack.  As Employee #1 was on the ladder, the post came loose, striking the ladder.  Employee #1 fell from th e ladder, striking his neck against a 10 inch piece of wood. The wood piece punc tured his carotid artery and Employee #1 died.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:35 a.m. on September 5, 2018, an employee was on a 28 foot extension ladde r using a chainsaw to cut a limb from a tree. After the tree limb was cut, it bo unced on the ground, struck the ladder that the employee was standing on, and ca used the ladder to fall backwards. The employee sustained fractures to both ankl es and a laceration to the right forearm.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:53 p.m. on June 15, 2021, an employee was working for an electric power coo perative. It distributed electric power. He had been dispatched to a power outag e. The outage had been caused by fallen tree limbs and vegetation that had lande d on a single conductor energized at 14.4 kV. The employee was working from with in the insulated bucket of a Terex model LT38 extendable articulating boom, with serial number 2100441543. It was mounted on a yellow 2016 Dodge Ram 5500 Hi Ran ger utility truck owned by the cooperative. It had the coop's serial number 2051 , VIN 3C7WRNBL3GG275387, and Florida license plate GBR007. The employee had cut tree limbs with fiberglass handled cable cutters. When limbs were cut, the tree limb and vegetation pulled down and pinned the primary and neutral conductors ac ross the top of the insulated bucket. At some point, the employee had touched th e conductors with only a leather glove on his left hand. He was found with no vi tal signs. He had been electrocuted. He hadn't opened the S&C trip saver device downstream. There was no evidence that he had attached any grounds upstream and downstream before he began cutting the branches with the fiberglass cable cutter s. There was no evidence that he had verified the absence of voltage on the line prior to working on the line. The employee did not have on and was not using ad equate electrical protective equipment, in the form of rated rubber gloves.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on September 18, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a co nstruction company, were working at a heavy construction job site.  Employee #1 was instructing his coworker in the operation of a Bobcat S590 Skid Loader.  The coworker was in the operator's cab, and Employee #1 stood outside the cab and c onducted the training.  When the loader's power was started, the forklift attach ment tilted toward the cab and struck Employee #1, crushing him between the hydr aulic hose housing and the forklift attachment.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he required treatment for a lacerated colon, four fractured ribs, and a fractured pelvis.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a gutter company, was i nstalling a gutter at a private residence.  He extended a metal extension ladder , and the ladder made contact with a high voltage overhead power distribution li ne.  Employee #1 received an electric shock and burns to his hands and feet.  Em ergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for the electric shock and burns.
fall_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on March 9, 2018, an employee was attempting to clear debris from a trash chute while standing on debris in a 30 yard dumpster (measuring 71 inches tall, 21 feet 11 inches long, and 93 inches deep). As the employee was moving d ebris from around the trash chute, he stepped backwards into a void and fell bac kwards over the edge of the dumpster. The employee landed on the asphalt head fi rst and suffered a severe head trauma and fractured vertebrae, resulting in his death.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:11 a.m. on December 7, 2017, an employee was loading milk into a mobile tan k from the dairy's tank.  The employee closed the valve and placed his right mid dle finger between the fittings of the valve, amputating his fingertip.  Hospita lization was not required.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 27, 2014, an employee walking to get a drink of water fell 17 feet into a exaction hole while felling bags of sand formed a catch drain box . This caused the soil around the hole to cave-in and the employee was killed fr om asphyxiation.
struck_fatal	At approximately 8:15 a.m. on July 20, 2016, Employee #1 was installing lighteni ng protection when he fell approximately 30 feet and died.
fall_nonfatal	At about 4:00 p.m. on March 2, 2017, an employee cut a piece of Tyvec to be inst alled. While carrying the piece of Tyvec, the employee stepped into a floor open ing and fell between the three stringers for the stairs. The employee landed on the concrete floor and a piece of lumber. He broke three ribs, fractured a hip a nd was bleeding internally. He was hospitalized and his spleen was removed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on September 17, 2018, an employee was using a CEI Pacer Feed Truck while filling customer grain bins with feed and fell.  The employee sustained a concussion, collapsed his right lung, lacerations, and two fractured ribs.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on September 13, 2018, an employee was riding on the forks of a JL G Telehandler rough terrain forklift to keep transported wall panels from fallin g over while they were being moved by the forklift. As the forklift operator beg an to drive up the driveway, the forklift bounced due to a bump in the road and the wall panels began to fall over. The employee was hospitalized due to a fract ured pelvis and toe were sustained when a wall panel fell on top of him.
caught_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on October 13, 2020, Employee #1, Coworker #1, and other coworkers, employed by a pipeline construction company, were operating two side boom crane pipelayers and an excavator during a pipeline installation.  The operation invo lved placement of a 24-inch steel pipe, 296 feet long and approximately 110 poun ds per foot for an approximate total weight of 32, 560 pounds.  The pipe was to be moved approximately 100 feet uphill on an approximate grade of 7%.  The posit ioning of the construction equipment along the pipe caused the middle piece of e quipment, a pipelayer operated by Coworker #1, who was not trained and qualified on the equipment,  to be positioned within a few feet from the northern edge of a bell hole.  The forces exerted on the pipelayer and on the earth along the ed ge of the bell hole caused instability of the pipelayer, and the equipment began to tip into the bell hole.  As Coworker #1 attempted to prevent  the pipelayer from tipping into the bell hole, forces were transmitted along the pipe, which c aused the west pipelayer, a Caterpillar 583K sideboom pipelayer operated by Empl oyee #1, who had exited the equipment, to roll downhill.  Employee #1, in an att empt to reenter the operator's cab and regain control of the pipelayer, began to climb onto the pipelayer's moving tracks.  His foot became caught, and he was p ulled between the tracks and the fender.  Employee #1 sustained crushing injurie s and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 5:00 p.m. on March 11, 2017, an employee was using an American Pneumatic Tools Rivet Buster Model 133 to chip a concrete column from a scissor lift. The rivet buster got stuck in the steel rebar cage. The employee tried to remove the rivet buster without disconnecting the air supply from the compressor . During this process the rivet buster activated causing the employee's right ha nd to get pinched in between the rivet buster handle and the scissor lift guardr ail.  The employee's right hand ring finger was caught between the rivet buster handle and the scissor lift's guardrail resulting in an avulsion. The employee w as hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:32 a.m. on May 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a remodeling company, was working at a single family residence.  He was on a 6-foot scaffold and using a Sawzall reciprocating saw to cut a piece of lumber when the saw kicked back.  Th e employee lost his balance and fell from the scaffold 6 to the concrete floor. The employee was transported to the hospital for treatment of a laceration to t he head, laceration and swelling to the right wrist and leg, a bruised and black eye, and back pain.  He was released without hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	On July 3, 2003, Employee #1 was using a 32 ft tall aluminum ladder to pressure wash, clean, and paint wood siding on the gable end peaks of a two-story house. He was on the ground apparently trying to move the ladder when it contacted 4,800 volt overhead transmission and distribution lines. Employee #1 became stiff and then fell backward, dropping the ladder, which fell against the house. He had been electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on September 23, 2014, an employee was digging with a shovel and pulling wood out from under the foundation wall to prepare for pouri ng concrete under the wall.  Suddenly, the 8,000 pound section of concrete found ation wall tipped over onto the employee.  The part of the wall that fell over w as a previous concrete repair section that was part of but not securely connecte d to the rest of the 100 year old building foundation. The employee was crushed and killed. Shoring was not being used and the section that collapsed was the en d-corner of the foundation wall and apparently was not tied in at the corner.
electrocution_fatal	On July 1, 2005, Employee #1 was installing rebar in a masonry wall when a metal rod contacted an overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:40 a.m. on April 28, 2017, an employee was waiting for the ne xt screen to be fed through the plat rolling machine. The employee placed his ha nds on free roller and used the free roller to push off to go from a leaning pos ition to an upright position.  When the employee pushed off the free roller, it moved causing both hands to move forward and be caught between the roller. The e mployee's hands were crushed with three broken bones in the right hand. The emp loyee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on April 29, 2016, a worker was manually removing floor boards from the second story of a barn that was used as a hay loft. As he stood on the exte rior edge of the loft to remove some floor boards, he fell 13 feet to a concrete surface below. He landed face first, suffering multiple fractures to his head, ribs, and face. The worker was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was determin ed to have died.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:48 p.m. on May 17, 2019, Employee #1 and his construction company employer were performing a soft demolition inside a commercial building.  Employee #1 wa s working at elevation in a JLG scissor lift, removing screws and wire from a ce iling.  The employer was operating a Bobcat 64 Loader and removing debris approx imately 10 feet away from the scissor lift.  The loader made contact with hangin g overhead wires, and as the wires were pulled by the Bobcat they caught the sci ssor lift frame.  The scissor lift overturned, falling to the concrete surface w ith Employee #1 inside.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he w as admitted and received stitches to a head laceration.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 31, 2017,  Employee #1 was laying wood (dunnage) on a fl at bed Ravens trailer.   Employee #1 was tasked to go to an off-site location an d pick up a load of CANTS (load of wood) and return to the company. Employee #1 had set six 4 inch by 4 inch by 8 feet wood dunnage on the flatbed trailer and t he forklift operator had already set a 2 by 2 of CANTS in place (front of traile r). The truck load was supposed to be 12 CANTS total (6 on the bottom and 6 stac ked on top of them). The forklift operator went back to get two more. When the f orklift driver returned he found Employee #1 on the ground and called on the rad io for help. Employee #1 had been putting small pieces of dunnage (placed betwee n CANTS to enable stacking and forklift access) on the trailer and fell forward. Employee #1 was taken to Wooster Community Hospital where he died. Employee #1 fell from an unspecified height and sustained many broken bones in his face and 3 fractures in his neck.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 28, 2020, an employee was performing welding work on a do ck plate when a semi tractor trailer proceeded to back into the dock. The employ ee was struck by the semi and killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 23, 2005, Employee #1 and a coworker were working in a 6-unit office building that was owned by their employer. Employee #1 was in one of the six offices, inspecting a heating and air conditioning unit (HVAC) that was located above a door jam and above a 9-foot drop ceiling in the attic. In order to access the HVAC unit Employee #1 placed a 6-foot stepladder, approximately 2 feet from the doorway, parallel to the wall, and climbed up the ladder to inspect the HVAC unit. As Employee #1 was inspecting the HVAC unit, he noticed that both HVAC metal covering panels had been removed and wiring was exposed. Employee #1 removed another ceiling tile to investigate the unit, and he was shocked. Employee #1 fell to the floor and blacked out. Employee #1 was transported to a local hospital, where he was hospitalized and treated with pain medication for a subarachnoid hematoma.
struck_fatal	At 6:15 p.m. on February 8, 2018, an employee was descending down a wall where h e was completing some masonry work and had been applying stucco to the surface. The employee fell from the scaffold and struck his head on the ground.  The emp loyee was killed from his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:20 p.m. on June 6, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services c ontractor, was working on the seventh floor of a building.  He was engaged in de molition work, removing electrical wires connected to an emergency light fixture .  A journeyman electrician who had assigned him the work had told him the light fixture was energized.  Employee #1 was standing on an 8-foot a-frame ladder, S unset Model # F10A8, when he made contact with the fixture light and received an electric shock.  He fell to the ground and hit his head.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a concussion.  The subsequent investigation determined that the lig ht fixture was operating at 277 volts.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 28, 2018, an employee was changing the battery in his forkl ift and was using an overhead hoist to lift the discharged battery that weighed approximately 3,200 lbs.  The employee was struck by the battery when it fell of f of the forklift and landed on his right foot, amputating his large toe.  Hospi talization was not required.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on October 14, 2015, an employee was beside a truck trailer when a log dislodged, fell out of the trailer, and struck the employee's head.  The em ployee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on June 13, 2018, an employee was removing grounding cables. The em ployee was electrocuted by static electricity when he came in contact with a gro unding cable.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:41 p.m. on June 4, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a pipeline construction company, were working on a public street and running underground pi pe.  Employee #1 was operating a jackhammer to remove dirt/rock from a hole made on the street when he came into contact with a high voltage underground power l ine.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of electric shock and burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 11, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete drilling cont ractor, was working at a commercial building.  He was inside an electrical cabin et and drilling three 5-inch holes in the cabinet's concrete floor.  Power to th e cabinet's electric panel was not shut off.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted and treated for second and third degree burns to his upper body a nd a fractured back.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on August 1, 2006, Employee #1, a concrete and masonry contractor, was standing atop a 10.67 ft tall block wall and installing 14.67 ft long rebar into it. During the process, a piece of rebar contacted a 33-kilowatt overhead power line. Employee #1 received an electric shock that passed through his body from his right hand to his left foot and resulted in electrical burns on his right and stomach. He fell to the ground, fracturing multiple vertebrae and his left hip. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital, where he was treated for 26 days, including skin grafts to his right arm. The damage to his vertebral column resulted in paraplegia.
struck_fatal	At 6:50 p.m. on August 11, 2014, Employee #1 was positioned on the lower roof of a house, installing siding on the house and under the soffits. The employee was not wearing fall protection when he fell 13.5 feet and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 3:35 a.m. on June 18, 2021, an employee signed a load manifest for a recently delivered load of asphalt. The employee stood outside the lane enclosure area w hen a passing motor vehicle, traveling at a high rate of speed, struck the emplo yee. The employee was killed by unspecified, multiple injuries associated with b eing run over by a motor vehicle.
electrocution_fatal	On November 4, 2008, Employee #1 and a coworker were setting up an aluminum ladder that was approximately 28-feet 4-inches in length. Employee # 1 was walking the ladder up into position with hand over hand motion, while the coworker was securing the bottom end of the ladder with his feet. As they were doing this, the ladder came into contact with a 7,200-volt line. Employee # 1 died from electrocution, and the coworker was blown from the ladder approximately six-feet and suffered unspecified injuries.
caught_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on August 3, 2017, an employee was operating a roller compactor.  T he employee drove across a 17% grade and tipped the equipment over.  The employe e was ejected from the vehicle and was pinned under the ROPS.  The employee died from asphyxiation and severe head trauma.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 7:52 a.m. on May 16, 2010 Employee #1 and Employee #2, were attempting to connect a Miller DC Inverter Arc Welder to an electrical panel located in a motor control center when an explosion occurred. Employee #1 was reading into the panel with a quarter inch Allen Key when the explosion occurred and sustained third degree burns to thirty percent his body. Employee #2 was standing directly behind Employee #1 and sustained first degree burns to his face, right arm, and right leg.
caught_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on September 28, 2016, an employee was standing close to the rear e nd drive differential tires for the drum de-barker. The employee was caught in b etween the frame and tires of the rear end drive differential tires. The employe e sustained injuries to the abdomen and head  and was killed
electrocution_fatal	At approximately, 12:00 p.m. on September 15, 2010, Employee #1, of Richland Chambers Area Construction, was electrocuted while welding an angle iron on to a retaining wall. Employee #1 was found standing in approximately 3 feet of water, with the welding lead also in water.
electrocution_fatal	On January 11, 2008, an employee of Pacific Gas and Electric reported storm damage to power lines at pole #074530 along Highway 193. A crew consisting of Employee #1 and three coworkers was sent out to make repairs. Due to the wet conditions, the boom truck could not get close enough to the site without becoming stuck in the mud. This meant that the crew had to climb the pole. They held a short safety meeting, which covered de-energizing, grounding, and hot stick work to open cut-out fuses. However, the crew members later stated, neither the pole nor the guy was tested to see if they were de-energized. Employee #1 and one coworker, who was also the acting foreman for the crew, climbed the pole, with Employee #1 working on top. Another coworker served as the groundsman for the two on the pole. The fourth coworker remained with the boom truck, on the opposite site of the Highway 193. When Employee #1 climbed above the first level of crossbraces, which supported telephone cables, he was within working distance of the cut-out fuses. According to the foreman, Employee #1 was positioning himself with his left knee resting against the telephone cables when he reached out with his leather-gloved left hand and grabbed the downed metal guy. The groundsman heard a crackling sound, looked up, and saw that Employee #1 could not release his hand from the guy. The foreman and the groundsman used a hot stick to try and free Employee #1 from the energized wire. The groundsman reported that during this time the amperage continued to build. He and the foreman then heard a loud noise and saw a fireball envelop Employee #1, after which he fell onto the telephone cables. The coworker who had stayed with the truck called 911, and Emergency Services arrived within 8 to 10 minutes. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 21, 2017, an employee was using a platform scaffold to i nstall roof sheeting operations when he fell and fractured his hip. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on October 16, 2014, an employee arrived at a home ow ners residence. They discussed the solar water heater and the employee decided to take a closer look. The employee got the Werner 300 pound rated, 13 foot exte nsion ladder out of the truck and placed it on the driveway and extended the rai ls to the max to reach the roof. The employee climbed the ladder and accessed th e flat roof and walked about 15 feet to the water heater. A few minutes later, a bout 9:30 a.m., the employee was attempting to come down from the roof on the la dder. When he got one of his feet to about the second step down from the top, he fell to the ground and landed on the concrete driveway.  The home owner called emergency medical services. They took him to the hospital and at approximately 1 1:30 a.m., the employee was pronounced dead.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 a.m. on October 26, 2021, an employee was operating a Raymond Powered Pa llet Jack, Model Number 8410, Serial Number 841-13-12527 while working as an ord er selector in the warehouse area of a cold storage facility. The employee was d riving the pallet jack next to a line of racks, and came around a turn to enter into an adjacent room.  When the employee saw that a coworker was in the adjacen t room, the employee lost control of the pallet jack and struck the wall and jam b area of the adjacent room. The employee sustained a fracture to his lower righ t leg when his leg was crushed between the powered pallet jack and the wall. The employee was transported and admitted to the hospital for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:15 p.m. on January 6, 2015, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an ele ctrical contractor, were working at a multiemployer building construction projec t.   Employee #1 was assisting Coworker #1, an electrician.  They were engaged i n a wiring operation.  Employee #1 was coiling up an electrical extension core w hen a stack of drywall panels measuring 12 feet by 4 feet toppled over and struc k him.  His leg was pinned between the drywall and the floor.  Emergency service s were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured femur.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on July 28, 2018, Employee #1, a concrete driver, backed his concre te truck next to the water pit area to clean his truck. When the water pit area was full, drivers would pump water from the pit into their drums for cleaning if they have a truck that has two yards or less of concrete.  The driver grabbed t he hose from the pump, with his right hand, and started to climb the truck's lad der that was attached to his concrete truck.  When he reached the step before th e platform, he grabbed at the platform's handrail, but missed and fell backwards , to the ground below.  The employee suffered several broken ribs and was hospit alized.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 22, 2021, an employee worked to install an overhead supp ort beam in a kitchen nook area. The employee used a fourteen-foot long two by s ix-inch piece of lumber, nailed on one side, as a makeshift scaffold platform to access the area. The employee stopped while crossing the platform to use a pneu matic nail gun to install framing near the center of the board. As the employee applied pressure to nail the framing overhead, the board broke and the employee fell. The employee was transported by emergency medical services to the hospital , where the employee died from the injuries.
fall_fatal	At 8:31 a.m. on January 13, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s engaged in reroofing activity at a one-story commercial building.  He was remo ving old roofing layers down to the structural metal deck.  The metal deck, whic h was deteriorated and corroded away from the open web steel joist and beams, fa iled to hold the employee's weight.  The employee fell through the metal deck to the concrete surface, a fall height of 22.8 feet.  Employee #1 sustained skull fractures and blunt force traumatic brain injury and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On September 15, 2004, Employee #1 was delivering concrete landscaping blocks. He was unloading a pallet of blocks from the rear of his truck, using a hand held control box. The boom of his boom truck contacted a 7,620-volt, single-phase, overhead power line. He was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 26, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was finishing a poured concrete floor for a three-story commercial building.  The aluminum ha ndle of the bull float he was using apparently came too close to overhead electr ical power lines in the alley.  The employee sustained an electric shock and ele ctric burns.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on June 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction general contractor, was working at an excavation site.  He was in the trench when a sect ion of the trench sidewall collapsed.  The falling soil struck Employee #1 from behind and pinned his legs and lower back against a manhole.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractures of his right foot, left elbow, and vertebrae.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on December 10, 2015, an employee was stringing electrical cords on the roof to charge batteries and fell through a skylight to a concrete floor. The employee was killed by the fall.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 1, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in tre nching work at a residential construction site.  The coworker was operating a tr encher machine, Ditch Witch Trencher Model Number 5700DD H514.  Employee #1 was signaling his coworker, who was attempting to get the trencher close to a fence. The trencher hit hard rock and bounced up.  Employee #1 became entangled in th e machine's rotating chain blade.  Emergency services were called, and a trauma surgeon arrived and amputated Employee #1's leg onsite.  Employee #1 was then fl own to the local hospital for continuing treatment.
fall_fatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on October 28, 2013, Employee #1 was working from a 1 0 ft extension ladder and spraying product onto the siding of a house that he br ushed to coat the siding. The ladder was placed on top of a 2 tiered, 12 ft high mobile scaffold. While he was spraying the product, the scaffold rolled away fr om the wall and the ladder slid down the wall leaving scrape marks on the wall. Then the scaffold fell such that the top fell away from the wall of the house a nd the ladder and the Employee #1 fell down to the driveway. He landed on the to p of his head fracturing his skull and neck and died.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on September 10, 2018, Employee #1 climbed up on a company's traile r to remove the chains he was using to secured the load of metal billets that we ighed 5,000 pounds. As his released the last strap, the load of 3 - 4 round meta l billets  began to roll in the  direction of employee, knocking him off the tra iler. The employee's legs were pinned against the wheel/wheel well. Employee #1 sustained crushing injuries to his legs and hand. He was hospitalized for his in juries.
caught_nonfatal	On July 26, 2010, Employee #1, a welder's helper, and two coworkers were unloading 7ft wooden pallets filled with metal pipe supports from a truck using a rough terrain forklift. Employee #1 was placing the skid and acting as a safety observer on the right side of the forklift; coworker #1 was placing the skid and acting as a safety observer on the left side of the forklift; and coworker #2 was operating the forklift. The forklift's boom obstructed the view of coworker #2 during the placement of skids. For some reason, a third coworker, coworker #3, approached coworker #1 and caused a distraction. Coworker #3 thought he heard Employee #1 say "alright", which caused coworker #1 to signal to coworker #2 that it was safe to land the load. The right hand of Employee #1 was crushed between a wooden pallet and a skid. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on March 26, 2022, several employees were installing a new roof on a church. Six construction employees were transported to the hospital following what was described as a roof collapse with entrapment on a church they were work ing on. The employees were reportedly replacing some beams and decking on a sect ion of the roof when it collapsed, creating a two-story fall.  At the time, ther e were no reported fatalities. The employees sustained unspecified injuries and were treated without hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on January 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical service s company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a five-story com mercial building.  He was offloading a large box held by an all terrain forklift .  Employee #1 entered the box, the box fell off the forks, and Employee #1 fell , a fall height of 50 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured back.
caught_fatal	At 6:15 p.m. on December 30, 2020, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a city , were working in an excavation at a sewer/water treatment plant and repairing a broken underground water main.  Employee #1, the foreman, was directing the wor k, operating a backhoe, and working in the excavation.  The excavation measured approximately 14 feet long by 14 feet wide and was 8 feet deep.  The width at th e bottom of the excavation was approximately 4 feet.  The pipe being repaired wa s a 12-inch water main, and the break was located approximately 1 to 2 feet from the excavation's north wall, which was near vertical and unshored.  The water m ain had been leaking for several hours, and the north wall consisted of a satura ted mix of clay and sand.  According to later statements from coworkers, the for eman had approximately ten minutes of work left to complete the repair when the north wall broke off and fell on top of him, pinning him face down in the mud. The pump in use to control the flow of water became clogged in the collapse, and the excavation quickly filled up with water.  Coworkers estimated that the fore man was submerged for approximately 10 minutes before emergency medical services arrived on scene.  Employee #1, the foreman, was killed in the excavation cave- in.
caught_fatal	At 6:05 p.m. on March 3, 2021, an employee was clearing jammed mulch from a Colo rbiotics Sahara X3 coloring machine. The employee disconnected power from the ma chine, entered the hopper and began removing mulch. The employee then exited the hopper, restored power and restarted the machine. The employee reentered the ma chine a second time without disconnecting power before climbing into the hopper. Upon climbing into the hopper, the bridged mulch collapsed and the employee fel l through into the rotating machine parts, killing him. Injuries included amputa tion of arm and leg, impalement and multiple internal injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on August 8, 2018, an employee was assisting with moving a 47 foot I-beam, weighing 12,000 lbs. that was being flipped after being prepped for pai nting.  The employee was struck by the beam when it shifted and swung into him, fracturing and lacerating his lower leg.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:50 p.m. on May 15, 2018, an employee was installing a metal panel to the u nderside of an exterior escalator while standing on scaffold support structure w ithout guardrails. The employee fell eight feet off of the scaffold and received fractures to his right wrist, left cheek bone, and right knee. Additionally, th e employee received facial lacerations and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:09 p.m. on September 6, 2008, Employee #1, a temporary employee, was operating a Raymond lift truck, Model R50C50TT, Serial Number R50-07-13205, at a cold storage warehouse. He received, stored, and repackaged food products that requires cold storage for distribution. He was making 180 degree turn on the dock when he lost control of his vehicle which threw him off-balance. This resulted in his left foot leaving the operator's cab and being crushed between the wall and the base of the lift truck below the operator's cab. Employee #1 was hospitalized with a fractured foot.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 1, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a con struction company, were working at a single family residence.  Employee #1 was o bserving and learning roof work being performed by his experienced coworker.  Th ey had cleaned the rain gutters, and they now were on the roof.  Employee #1 was listening to Coworker #1 and learning how to lay down and torch roof material. Employee #1 fell from the roof and struck his head on a brick floor, a fall hei ght of approximately 18 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital . The employee was admitted and treated for head trauma.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:35 a.m. on May 23, 2019, an employee was using a ladder to adjusting a tarp covering the bed of on top of his truck bed. The employee fell and struck his h ead on the concrete floor sustaining a concussion and requiring hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	On May 19, 2017, an employee was replacing the axles on a trailer.  While slidin g an axle onto the trailer, the employee caught their head between the trailer a nd its tires when a pin on the jack released and the trailer collapsed.  The emp loyee fractured their skull.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was installing vinyl siding on a garage. While he was working, he moved a 12.2-meter-long aluminum ladder. He had lifted the ladder off the roof and into a vertical position. He lost control of the ladder, and it tipped backward into a 19.92-kilovolt overhead power line located 9.1 meters above the ground. The employee was electrocuted. A coworker tried to pull the employee to safety. However, he received an electric shock and moved away. The coworker was transported to a hospital, where he was examined and released.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:55 p.m. on July 6, 2018, Employee #1 was pushing on 16 foot dead maple tree stub. The stub fell back on the stump while the employee was pushing, and fell on his arm. His humerus bone was shattered, resulting in a right arm amputation. The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on October 15, 2018, an employee was securing a forklift to a trail er for transport and was tightening the chain connected to the forklift and trai ler by hand.  The employee continued to tighten the chain until it was too tight and he had to release the tension.  The employee pressed on the handle extensio n to unlock the binder position and began to "upstroke" the handle.  The employe e was struck in his face and right eye when the handle released in a kick back m otion.  The employee sustained a contusion to his face and lost his vision withi n his eye.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on March 17, 2014, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a construction company specializing in concrete cutting services, were engaged in the demolition of a concrete wall along a highway. Coworker #1 was operating a Pentruder 8-20HF Wall Saw, and Employee #1 was assisting. Employee #1 was hit in the stomach by the wall saw. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Providence Holy Cross Hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a stomach laceration. He remained hospitalized for three weeks. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA at 10:15 a.m. on March 17, 2014. The subsequent investigation included interviews with Employee #1, Coworker #1, and the site supervisor, who was not on site when the injury occurred. There were no other witnesses to the event. Employee #1 had worked for the company as a Laborer for approximately 15 years and was performing his regular duties when the injury occurred. The investigation determined that the wall saw had been improperly installed, and the saw blade was unguarded. The investigation concluded that Employee #1 had been exposed to an unguarded saw blade and an improperly installed Pentruder 8-20HF wall saw. As a result, Cal/OSHA issued a General citation according to CCR Title 8 Sec: 1509(a) and 4184(b) due to lack of evidence of employer knowledge.
struck_fatal	At 9:05 p.m. on July 6, 2021, an employee attempted to escape a falling drill ri g. The drill rig struck and killed the employee.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:15 a.m. on March 5, 2019, an employee placed a chute in cement. At some po int, the two chutes pinched the employee's finger and amputated at the tip. The employee went to a local hospital for treatment.
caught_fatal	At approximately 7:45 a.m. on February 28, 2015, a 33-year old male drill rig op erator was confirming the  angle of the drill stem of a hydraulic crawler rig. As the operator turned to return to the drill control panel, the operator's high -visibility vest became caught on the rotating drill stem, entangling the operat or.  The operator was killed by severe body system injuries, including laceratio ns, broken bones, head trauma, and amputation of body parts.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on April 28, 2021, an employee walked back to their worksite when t he employee was struck and killed by a dump truck that was backing up.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 27, 2020, Employee # 1, a yarder operator, and a coworke r, a stroker delimber operator, were working in the active road line on a yarder logging operation. The tail end of the stroke delimber boom collided with the o ccupied cab of the yarder. Employee # 1 suffered fatal blunt force trauma of the chest injuries as a result of logging equipment collision. The employee was kil led.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on July 5, 2019, an employee was drilling geothermal lines when a p ipe fell and hit him on the head. The suffered a head injury and was hospitalize d.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s engaged in demolition work at a commercial building.  He was demolishing a cin der block wall.  As he removed rubble from the area to access the remaining upri ght portion of the wall, the wall collapsed  onto the employee.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of multiple fr actures and internal injuries.
fall_fatal	At 5:39 p.m. on June 23, 2021, Employee 1 and Employee 2 worked from a outrigger scaffold to frame the facia of a building. At some point, the employees fell ap proximately twenty-five feet when the scaffold collapsed, Employee 1 was killed, and Employee 2 was hospitalized with a nose fracture and injuries to the left k nee and foot.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 14, 2018, Employee #1 was operating an overhead crane, movin g a steel beam. The hook malfunctioned, and the load fell, striking the employee on the head and leg. Employee #1 suffered a concussion and leg contusion. He wa s hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on March 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a highway construction company, was installing roadside railings.  A private vehicle, a 2010 Nissan sed an, that was travelling on the highway swerved onto the left shoulder closure, f irst striking Employee #1 and then striking a pounder truck.  Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractures to bo th legs.
struck_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on December 22, 2017, an employee was standing on a barge while a c oworker swung a piece of sheet piling to place it on the barge. The sheet piling broke away from the shackle and it struck the employee as it fell, killing him.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:15 p.m. on July 19, 2016, Employee #1 was rolling out roofing material to measure for skylights walking backwards on a covered walkway, adjac ent to the skylight. He walked off of the edge of the covered walkway and fell 9 feet. He struck his head on a concrete sidewalk and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:45  on December 9, 2017, Employee #1 was working with a metal cheek plate. As he struck it with a hammer, a fragment chipped from the hammer and entered th e employee's eye under his safety glasses. The metal fragment became lodged in h is eye. Employee #1 was hospitalized for treatment, but subsequently lost his ey e.
caught_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on December 13, 2021, an employee (an owner operator) was in a truc k yard when a coworker (another owner operator) was operating his semi truck mov ing a shipping container. The coworker was backing up when he struck the employe e, pinching him between his truck and another parked truck. The employee was kil led by blunt force trauma to his body.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on March 13, 2019, an employee, an Electronic Systems Specialist, was completing a work order for the service and inspection of several smoke dete ctors that were malfunctioning with the use of a 12-foot Louisville aluminum A-f rame step ladder and an Up-right 24-foot Airlift telescopic work platform. The e mployee and a coworker moved the Airlift telescopic work platform into position and realized that they would not be able to extend the platform all the way up d o to the configuration of smoke detector in the room. In an effort to complete t he assignment, the employee placed the ladder on top of the Airlift platform in the closed position leaning it against the wall to attempt to reach the work loc ation. As the employee ascended the ladder holding the replacement smoke detecto r in one hand, he realized that he was still not going to be able to reach the c eiling. As the employee started to descend the ladder, it began to slide causing him to lose his balance and fall approximately 20 feet to the ground. The emplo yee was transported to a local hospital, where he underwent surgery for a fractu red pelvis and six fractured ribs.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 22, 2004, Employee #1 was working on a grounded phase to be dead ended. He was cutting a wire when he became part of the circuit and suffered an electric shock, for which he was hospitalized. Cutting the wire caused the ground to become open. This led to electrical induction that caused Employee #1 to be shocked.
fall_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on October 12, 2016,  Employee #1 was installing new metal roofing panels, when he fell through an opening in the roof.  Employee #1 was not wearin g fall protection and fell approximately 20 feet to the concrete floor inside of the building.  Another employee contacted emergency services and the police and EMS responded.  Employee #1 was transported to a medical center and then flown to a hospital. The employee died from severe head trauma, fractured arm and leg sustained during the fall on October 12, 2016 at approximately 1:15 p.m.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 9, 2018, an employee was conducting visual inspections on a 27k volts electrical breaker for energizing subway systems in a MTA substation when an electrical arc flash occurred and he sustained electrical burns to his left shoulder, arm, and hand.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 2, 2018, an employee was trying to raise some tongs of f the floor to swap out the tong heads.  The employee caught his hand between th e tongs and a midrail when they were released from being caught underneath the r ig floor, partially amputating his pinky finger.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 4, 2021, an employee and two coworkers worked to insta ll sheeting on a roof. While the coworkers were at lunch, the employee continued to work and at some point fell approximately twelve feet from the roof and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 7, 2017, an employee was working in the abrasive blastin g booth. The employee was sandblasting the inside section of a metal tube, when the nozzle became clogged. The employee tried to unclog the nozzle by bending th e hose to increase pressure.  The clog released and struck the employee's right wrist, causing a deep tissue injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:47 a.m. on January 29, 2020, an employee worked in a trench to backfill an compact soil. At some point, the backhoe operator swung the bucket which struck the employee. The employee was hospitalized to treat fractured vertebrae.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 3, 2019, Employee #1 was making connections for an un derground power line installation.  A flash occurred from electrical parts energ ized at 7,200 volts.  The employee sustained thermal burns on both hands and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on March 28, 2017, an employee was nailing plywood to a residential remodel project with a pneumatic powered nail gun. The nail gun d ouble fed and ricocheted and due to the fact he did not have on safety glasses, it hit the employee's right eye. The employee was hospitalized and treated for e ye injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 p.m. on August 1, 2017, Employee #1 was loading boxes onto a pallet. The employee suffered a seizure and fell to the concrete floor. Employee #1 was hos pitalized for his injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:05 a.m. on January 27, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contra ctor, was performing interior carpentry.  He was hanging drywall while standing on a rolling scaffold.  The scaffold tipped over, and Employee #1 fell approxima tely 6 feet landing on a concrete floor.  Emergency services were called, and Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a sk ull fracture.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:22 p.m. on January 17, 2017, an employee was replacing heat exchangers on roof top heating units. He was moving the old heat exchanger to th e edge of the roof and fell over the edge and landed on partially frozen ground. The employee suffered multiple blunt force trauma injuries and was killed.
caught_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 27, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a const ruction company, were engaged in a sewer pipeline installation for a new commerc ial construction project.  Employee #1 was in the excavation and attempting to c onnect PVC pipe to the steel connector of the horizontal drill system.  His cowo rker was operating the drilling equipment.  During this activity, the PVC pipe b egan to rotate violently.  Employee #1 was caught between the PVC pipe and the t rench box.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he received treatment for abdominal injuries.  The employee died from his injuries .
fall_fatal	At 5:25 p.m. on July 5, 2021, an employee set up plastic sheeting to cover an un guarded third story balcony, while standing on a three-step portable ladder, in preparation to spray joint compound on the exterior. At some point, the employee slipped, fell approximately twenty-two feet, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:15 p.m. on July 3, 2010, Employee #1 was making an adjustment to the Pack Master conveyor belt while it was in operation. His left had caught in the single tension pulley, and he sustained unspecified injuries that required surgery. Employee #1 was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 1:30 a.m. on June 14, 2022, an employee and a coworker were power washing hig hway overpasses and bridge foundations. The employee and a coworker were riding in the back of a box truck that was towing a trailer with power washing equipmen t. They were heading to the next worksite along a highway when the employee fell from the unsecured tailgate. The employee was run over by the equipment trailer in a Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) work-zone incident. The employee was struck by, crushed, and caught between the over-the-road equipment trailer and the road, killing him. The employer failed to ensure that each emplo yee had adequate seating during travel from work site to work site in the back o f a box truck within the established traffic control zone. The employees were as signed to perform operations to include but not limited to expansion joint repai r, pressure washing, and application of preservative coatings.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 12, 2108, an employee was assisting a coworker with relocat ing a battery box.  The employee was balancing the battery box on one of the for ks for the John Deere Loader, Model 644H, that was being operated by his coworke r when the fork was lowered and tilted backwards, catching and amputating the em ployee's left index and middle fingers.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on October 25, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a com pany in the renewable energy industry, were working at the construction site for a new project.  They were standing in an elevator that failed to move and were attempting to troubleshoot the problem.  Employee #1 climbed halfway out through the overhead hatch and was moving onto the ladder when Coworker #1 pushed the e levator's up arrow and the elevator began to move.  Employee #1 was crushed betw een the elevator and the ladder.  Emergency services were called, and Employee # 1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured and punctured right arm.  During the subsequent investigation, it was determined that the interlock switch, which should have prevented the elevator from moving with the overhead hatch open, was damaged and not functioning.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 p.m. on January 26, 2018, Employee #1 was loading pallet of materials to move to the truck with  his fork lift.  A coworker loaded his own fork lift and was ready to back out of the space and drive to the truck that was being loadin g.  The coworker checked his area to be sure it was clear. Employee #1 walked be hind the coworker's fork lift after the coworker had checked behind him to be su re the area was clear. The coworker looked forward at his check list and started to move in reverse before he looked back again. Employee #1 was struck by the f ork lift, fracturing his leg above the ankle, requiring hospitalization and four surgeries.
fall_fatal	At 8:10 a.m. on December 9, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s on the roof of a three-story multifamily residential structure and retrieving a cell phone during a rehabilitation project.  The roof was icy.  Employee #1 lo st traction on the icy surface and fell, a fall height of 28 feet.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 27, 2022, an employee was making arrangements for employee dispatch by phone while leaning against a pup trailer.  The employee was in the area between the pup trailer and the primary trailer. A coworker, unaware that t he employee was between the trailers, pulled forward and crushed the employee. The employee sustained crushing injuries and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 28, 2007, Employee #1 was standing near to where a coworker was operating an excavator. The coworker was raising the bucket when it struck energized overhead power lines. Employee #1 sustained an electric shock and was transported to a local hospital with non life threatening injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 18, 2019, an employee worked from a steel beam conducting measurements. The employee began to feel lightheaded and fell. The employee rece ived fractures to the vertebrae and collarbone, and a head laceration and was ho spitalized.
caught_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on May 22, 2018, an employee was connecting a chain to the front o f a tractor trailer and a front end loader. The front end loader reversed while the employee was hooking up the chain. The employee was caught between the tract or trailer and the front end loader and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 6:45 p.m. on January 14, 2021, an employee was standing at a tractor-trailer' s operating an overhead feed auger. Coworker #1 was standing about 5 - 10 feet s outh of the employee in between the barn and the trailer. The auger was raised a nd rotated over the barn towards the northeast rooftop saddle at the trailer's r ear end. Coworker #1 walked towards the driver door watching the auger as it was lowering. At that time a sudden flash and sparking occurred when the auger's ti p contacted the southern 7,800 volt power line. The employee was electrocuted an d fell to the ground killing him. Coworker #1 approached the employee whose left hand was had been amputated. Coworker #1 attempted to extract the employee whil e avoiding contact with the truck. Once Coworker #1 made contact with the body, an electric shock knocked him down to the ground. Coworker #1 observed the trail er was on fire and stood up, stepped away disoriented and touched the grain wago n which was energized receiving another electric shock. At that point, Coworker #1 left to try to find help as he heard a distinctive noise when the truck tires blew. Coworker #1 sat down and watched as the power went out. At that point, th e decided to enter the truck's cab to retrieve his phone and wallets. He called Coworker #2 to inform him about the accident because he knew that a bystander ha d already called 911. While on the call, Coworker #1 attempted to unhook truck f rom the trailer. He turned off truck's motor, disconnected airlines, and attempt ed to restart it, but could not. Coworker #1 went back to the employee, picked h im up and carried him inside the barn where CPR was performed by a bystander. EM S arrived and attended to the employee prior to removing him for transport by am bulance. When EMS arrived, the rear end of the trailer was still on fire and cou ld not be extinguished until the power line was deenergized, which was performed by the power company around 8:00 p.m.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on June 18, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was dismantling the torsion spring assembly on the garage door at a two-story re sidential building.  The spring released tension and either the bracket or the s pring struck the employee's right hand.  Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, admitted, and treated for his hand injuries, which included partial amputa tion of his right ring finger and damage to his right middle finger.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 6, 2019, Employee #1 and a Coworker, employed by an el ectrical contractor, were working at a 17-story multifamily residential building .  They were investigating why another employee had been shocked earlier.  As th ey examined a bank of electric meters, an arc flash occurred.  Employee #1 was h ospitalized for treatment of electrical burns.  His coworker and the earlier emp loyee both received medical treatment but were not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:50 a.m. on December 15, 2021, an employee spotted for a crane operator ins talling a concrete piling into a hole. At some point, the dirt under the employe e gave way and the employee's foot became caught between the wall of the hole an d the concrete piling. The employee received crush injuries to the left foot and was taken to the hospital and admitted for treatment. The employee's left toe w as amputated due to the injuries received.
struck_fatal	At 12:55 p.m. on August 2, 2016, a worker was installing a small piece of sheet metal on the parapet coping of a roof.  He fell from the roof and was killed as a result of blunt force trauma.
caught_fatal	At 9:15 p.m. on April 20, 2014, Employee #1 was part of a crew that was installi ng a casing tool.  The employee was holding the tongs in position to tighten the casing running tool while the snub line was not connected. Employee #1 was stru ck-by and caught between the top drive and the pull line of the tongs and was ki lled.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on December 15, 2007, Employee #1, a landscaping maintenance worker, was installing decorations on an outdoor tree. He climbed approximately 40 ft up into a redwood tree approximately 50 ft tall to install a string of decorative holiday lights in front of an apartment complex. The string of lights was approximately 40 ft long. He was electrocuted when he tossed a string of lights outward from his location in the tree and they landed on high voltage lines (12,000 volts) located above the sidewalk adjacent to the tree. Employee #1 was pronounced dead on the scene by the coroner. The employer was cited for not maintaining an effective Injury and Illness Prevention Program.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on October 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in forming work at the multiemployer construction site of a two-s tory commercial building.  He was climbing a concrete form wall when he fell, a fall height of 10 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fall-related injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on March 1, 2014, Employee #1 was reversing a Mac dum p truck down a dirt road, approximately 50 foot wide, and was not wearing a seat belt. The road was located next to a pond that was, approximately 195 foot wide by 380 foot long by 20 foot deep, under construction. The truck started to slid e off of the road and rolled down the hill and into the pond.  Employee #1 died due to a blunt trauma to his head.
struck_fatal	At approximately 12:30 p.m. on March 23, 2017, Employee #1 was installing seamle ss aluminum gutters from a ladder jack scaffold, approximately 15 foot high.  He fell, suffering head, neck and upper torso injuries and died.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 30, 2018, an employee exited a Hyster Lift Truck he was d riving to use his cellphone and was struck by a tractor trailer.  The employee w as caught between the trailer and his forklift, crushing his chest.  The employe e was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on January 4, 2018, Employee #1, part of a multiemployer roadwork construction project, was standing on the dirt alongside a road.  A coworker, em ployed by another employer, was assembling PVC piping for installation in a tren ch.  A pickup truck travelling down the road veered off and onto the dirt.  The truck, moving at approximately 10 to 20 miles per hour, struck Employee #1.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, ad mitted, and treated for blunt force injuries.
caught_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on September 18, 2020, an employee waved a roller operator towards them. For an unknown reason, the roller machine moved forward on its own catchin g the employee between the roller and an exterior dock wall. The employee was ki lled due to a crushed torso.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 13, 2021, an employee was performing preventive mainten ance on a section of a conveyor system. While standing inside an opening in the conveyor that he created as part of the preventative maintenance, the conveyor s uddenly started striking the employee's right leg and pinned him. The employee w as hospitalized to treat several unspecified leg fractures.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on November 14, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an el ectrical contractor, were working from a Manitex Personnel Basket, Model Number 6001232-002, Serial Number 262087, that was attached to a Manitex Boom Crane.  T he basket was side loaded with a Honda motor, which created an uneven load.  The employees were installing new electrical lines at a power substation.  The cowo rker later reported hearing a pop while the basket was stationary, and the baske t swung out from underneath the employees and fell.  The coworker, who was tied off to the crane boom, was left hanging.  Employee #1, who was wearing a harness that may or may not have been tied off, fell while inside the basket, a fall he ight of 125 feet.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic head injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:14 a.m. on October 1, 2003, Employees #1 and #2 were positioning a 27 ft tall, Safety Hoist Laddervator, model no. 123, serial no. 16174, on the roof of a house so they could hoist roofing materials. They were lifting the unit when the top of the ladder contacted a 19 ft tall, 7,200-volt overhead power line that was 11 ft from the house. Both employees suffered an electric shock. Employee #2 was killed. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment. Neither employee was using any form of PPE. The employer did not have a written safety program and it failed to train employees on the hazards associated with power lines. The workers also failed to maintain a safe working distance from the overhead power lines.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on April 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing company, was working at a two-story multifamily residential construction project .  Working from an extension ladder, he erected a sheet of plywood.  As Employee #1 descended the ladder, the plywood fell and struck him.  Employee #1 fell fro m the ladder, a fall height of 5 to 7 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a head injury, a left temporal lobe brain hemorrhage.
caught_fatal	At 6:55 a.m. on June 7, 2019, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a utility se rvices company, drove in two utility pickup trucks to their starting work locati on, a two-lane rural road with no shoulder.  They parked their trucks in the nor thbound lane, resulting in 75 percent of the 8-foot wide lane being blocked.  Th ey then began to unload tools and equipment they would use to inspect and treat wooden power poles located on the opposite side of the road.  Each truck was equ ipped with a single rotating orange light and vertical flagger flags on the back .  As the three employees unloaded tools from the rearmost truck, an oncoming pi ckup truck traveling north struck the employees and the driver-side rear corner of the utility truck.  Employee #1 was thrown across the roadway to the opposite ditch and killed.  Employee #2 required hospitalization and treatment for fract ure injuries to the head.  Employee #3 required hospitalization and treatment fo r a fractured left hand.  As a result of his injury, a finger was amputated.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 25, 2018, an employee was changing the front passenger tire on a large Mack Roll-Off truck. The employee released the air from the pneumati c jack too quickly, resulting in the employee being struck by the truck skid pla te.  He fractured his hip and was hospitalized for treatment. The employee was o nly using one jack stand when standard operating procedure required the use of t wo jack stands per axle.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 15, 2011, Employee #1, a construction laborer, was holding a cloth handle on a bag as the forklift operator slid one of the forks into the handle. As he began to lift the bag, Employee #1 did not get his finger out of the way, and his left middle finger was pinched between the fork and the handle. He was transported to a nearby hospital, where the finger was reattached. Employee #1 later required amputation between the first and second knuckle. He was hospitalized for four days. The employer was a masonry contractor working as a subcontractor on a school construction site.
fall_fatal	On April 20, 2022, at 11:54 a.m. an employe was working as a Foreman for a compa ny hired to install a solar energy system on the rooftop of a private residence. The employee was located on the roof while Coworker #1, a Solar Installer, was working on the ground level preparing solar panels for installation. Coworker #2 , also a Solar Installer, was sitting on the peak of the roof taking a break. Co worker #3, another Solar Installer, was also sitting on the peak of the roof nex t to Coworker #2. The employee was measuring the solar panel installation rails near the edge of the roof when he fell 10 feet to the ground below. The employee incurred a serious head injury and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On April 13, 2013, an incident occurred when Employee #1, a gravel plant operator was injured while cleaning rocks from the tail pulley on a screening plant. The plant was not locked out, and the conveyor was energized by a coworker. Unfortunately, Employee #1's right arm was caught between the tail pulley and the conveyor belt. Employee #1 suffered from a displaced midshaft fracture of the right arm. Employee #1 received initial stabilization in a hospital emergency room and is scheduled for follow up out patient surgery.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on December 21, 2016, an employee was moving a traffic barrel to al low room for another employee to move equipment.  The employee was struck by the overhang wagon which was being pulled behind a truck.  The employee sustained i nternal body injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On November 28, 2011, Employee #1 with Hanes Home Improvement Incorporated was doing trim work around windows and doors on a residential home. Employee #1 had finished the elevated work and was moving an aluminum extension ladder when the ladder contacted the overhead high voltage power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted in the event.%09
fall_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on February 20, 2017, an employee was installing an HVAC system whe n he fell 20 feet through an opening in a roof. The employee was hospitalized, w here he was treated for multiple injuries.
struck_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on May 19, 2020, an employee was working from a job made platform a ttached to the forks of a rough terrain forklift to paint a second story window frame. When the employee finished he signaled a coworker, who was operating the forklift, to lower the employee to the ground. The coworker began to retract the boom when the platform came free of the forks. The employee fell approximately fifteen feet, struck a fence and then landed on a concrete sidewalk. The employe e was killed by multiple blunt force trauma injuries received.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 2:45 p.m. on March 29, 2017, an employee was setting up bracket scaffolding at a new residential construction site. The employer was engaged in residential new home framing.  The employee was on the fifth floor when he lost his footing and fell to the surrounding ground.  The employee was not wearing f all protection when he was setting up the bracket scaffolding.  The employee suf fered from multiple fractures.  The employee was hospitalized for greater than 2 4 hours as a result of the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on December 14, 2021, an employee worked on a roof and at some poin t, slipped on ice and fell approximately twenty feet. The employee was hospitali zed to treat the unspecified, serious injuries sustained.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on February 19, 2029, an employee was standing on bundles of metall ic fence pickets when an unstable pile fell on her lower leg. The employee incur red multiple foot fractures and was hospitalized requiring surgery.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:34 a.m. on August 15, 2019, an employee climbed a ladder (Little Giant) to access a roof. The ladder slipped out from under the employee, who then fell ap proximately eight feet, and struck their head on an HVAC vent pipe. The employee was taken to the hospital to treat a concussion with loss of consciousness and a head laceration without hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on January 10, 2017, Employee #1 was hammering nails from an elevated position. He felt his yo-yo lanyard, which was bothering him as he worked. Employee #1 decided to remove the yo-yo lanyard for a moment to hamm er a nail. While hammering, he lost his balance and fell from the height. Employ ee #1 struck the ground, fractured his eye socket and injured both of his wrists . Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment a nd was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:40 p.m. on December 9, 2021, an employee worked to cut away some concrete and PVC pipe to make enough clearance to meet Americans with Disabilities Act co mpliance. The employee used a portable vertical grinder (Milwaukee M18 FUEL ? In ch Die Grinder) to make the cuts using a Lennox three-inch diamond cut off wheel . The employee worked from a kneeling position with a rag stuffed down a nearby pipe to prevent material from falling into it. As the employee cut the pipe, the wheel caught onto the rag and the grinder vibrated out of the employee's hands. The cut off wheel struck the employee's knee before it automatically shut down. The employee was taken to the hospital to treat a laceration to the knee. The e mployee was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 8:05 a.m. on February 12, 2020, an employee was working from an extension lad der to clean the gutter of a single family residential home. At some point, the ladder kicked out from under the employee who fell backwards twenty feet and str uck his head. The employee was killed due to severe head injuries received.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 1, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in constru cting a new two-story residential structure.  Employee #1, who was on the ground floor, threw a 16 oz. bottle of water up to his coworker, who was on the roof. Employee #1 lost his balance, stepped back, and fell onto the ground.  He was t ransported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a fractured ankle that required surgery.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 10:07 a.m. on October 2, 2012 Employee #1, a line worker with Sacramento Regional Transit District and was working at a power substation in Sacramento California. Employee #1 was using a sixteen-foot extension ladder with good rubber feet, placed on a solid level surface, to access the roof of the small building. Employee #1 had gone up and down the ladder several times before the bottom slipped out from under him as he was descending the ladder causing him to fall approximately eleven-feet to the concrete-asphalt ground below. According to Employee #1 the ladder was not tied off or secured from movement and it was not standard practice to tie off or secure ladders. Employee #1 was hospitalized as a result of the fall and sustained unspecified fractures from the event. The Employer was a local transportation authority. Employee #1 had received ladder safety training from the employer prior to the incident.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:46 a.m. on January 29, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contra ctor, was performing interior electrical work at a building construction site. H e was working from a ladder when he sustained an electrical shock from an energi zed ballast. Employee #1 fell from the ladder.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated fo r a head injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:25 a.m. on October 24, 2017, an employee was pulling material from an upper level of a rack and unbuckled his harness to reach items at the backside of the rack.  The employee lost his footing and fell, striking several racks before hi tting the ground.  The employee suffered head lacerations and was in a coma when he was admitted to the hospital for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. om June 18, 2018, an employee was performing exterior masonry work from a scaffold. The employee fell from the scaffold sustaining injuries, inclu ding lost teeth.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 6, 2017, an employee was welding a pipe on the blow mold mac hine while standing on an 8 foot Werner fiber glass step ladder rated for 250 lb s.  The employee began to descend from the ladder and fell approximately 5 feet onto the concrete floor.  The employee was hospitalized and suffered fractures t o both his tibia and fibula in his left leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on April 24, 2017, Employee #1 was climbing down a job-made wooden ladder. The employee grabbed the hand rail clamp instead of the ladder side rail and fell. Employee #1 sustained two broken ribs, two fractured vertebrae and an injury to the back of his head. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:15 a.m. on December 10, 2018, Employee # 1, was standing next to the pipe. The pig had no frontal head pressure to slow it down because a relief valve was left open. He was struck by the steel door at the end of the pipe. He suffered b roken bones in his wrist and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	On March 9, 2017, an employee was eating and walking around an unmarked and unse cured floor hole cover. The employee stepped inadvertently on an unsecured floor hole cover which moved, and the employee fell through the hole 9 ft. to the low er surface with the cover landing on top of him. The employee fractured L3 verte brae, suffered contusion to left hip, and scratches to head. The employee was ho spitalized and treated for his injuries.
fall_fatal	On January 9, 2016 at 10:38 a.m. Employee #1 was killed when working for a frami ng company that was contracted to install wood framing in a one story building. On the day of the accident at approximately 10:38 a.m. Employee# 1 was installin g rafters onto a wall inside a one story building when he fell from a ladder ont o a pool deck and into an empty 4.5 foot deep swimming pool hitting his head at the bottom of an empty concrete pool.  Emergency services (911) was called and t he Fire and Paramedics arrived on the scene and transported Employee #1 to the h ospital and he was pronounced dead.
caught_fatal	On September 14, 2010, Employee #1, of Bond Blacktop, Incorporated, was operating a seal coat machine. When he was spreading sealant material on a 10 degree incline, the engine stalled. This resulted in a loss of power to the hydraulic steering and braking system. It was believed, that Employee #1, jumped from the machine, having been unable to steer or brake the machine, and as it gained speed going downhill. Employee #1 then stood next to a 3,000 tank truck at the foot of the hill. However, the machine veered left and off the driveway and in the direction of Employee #1. It proceeded downhill approximately 296 ft, where it struck and pinned him between the equipment, which resulted in his death.
struck_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on December 4, 2018, Employee #1 was measuring for material to rep air a truck dock shelter.  Employee #1 was working in a loading/receiving dock a rea when an over the road tractor trailer backed into the loading dock lane, cru shing Employee #1 between the building and trailer. Employee #1 died due to seve re blunt force trauma and crushing injuries.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 1, 2013, an employee was climbing a water tower ladde r. The employee was carrying a pressure washer hose and other equipment up the l adder when he fell 20 feet to the bottom of the water tower riser.  The employee sustained blunt force injuries to the head, ribs, lungs, liver, spleen, legs an d was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on October 16, 2014, an employee, a 33 year old welder, was prepari ng to enter the industrial transformer substation to cut a post with a torch. As the employee was climbing over a concrete wall and fence on the side of the tra nsformer substation, his foot touched an electrical line and was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	A four-person power line crew was replacing a transformer in a 6-meter-long, 2.1-meter-wide, 2.4-meter-deep underground vault. The transformer was in a bank, with another transformer, at the southwest corner of the vault. Six buses were located along the west wall between those two transformers and three other transformers in a bank at the northwest corner of the vault. Three of the employees were in the vault and a helper was outside. One employee, who was standing in front of the buses, contacted a cable elbow before it was disconnected from the bus and caused an electrical fault. The ensuing electric arc burned him and a second employee, who was standing between the buses and the two-transformer bank, mapping the wiring for the replacement transformer. The first injured employee suffered second- and third-degree burns on his face and neck and the back of his hands. The other injured employee suffered burns on his right ear, elbow, and hand. (The original form did not list the second injured worker on an injury line.)
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 5, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construction fr aming contractor, were erecting the frame for a new multilevel single-family res idence.  They were standing on a 13.25-inch wide wood scaffold plank approximate ly 6 feet 11.5 inches above the ground and installing an 8-foot long ledger on t he top frame of the basement.  As Employees #1 and #2 were placing the ledger in the bolts, the plank they were standing on fell.  Both employees fell, and the ledger fell onto Employee #1's right hand.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for cr ushing injuries to his hand.  His fingers required amputation.  During the subse quent investigation, differing opinions emerged about the weight of the ledger t hat fell on Employee #1's hand.  Estimates ranged from 35 to 50 pounds to 150 po unds to 250 pounds.  The investigation determined that the scaffold plank the em ployees were standing on was not adequately secured to the scaffold frame.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on July 28, 2018, Employee #1 was working from an aluminum extensio n ladder, approximately 16 feet above the ground, while attempting to connect an electrical service drop line from a residential meter socket to the overhead 24 0 volt service line. The employee made contact with the energized 120 volt condu ctors of the overhead service line and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 4:40 p.m. on June 13, 2006, Employee #1, of Davis H. Elliot Construction, was working from a utility pole to string new overhead power lines when he contacted a 7,200-kilovolt line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on April 9, 2018, an employee was cleaning a vessel and was struck by a falling object. The object crushed the employee, causing asphyxiation.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on January 14, 2021, Employee #1 and a coworker were finishing up w ork at the construction site for a three-story commercial building.  The coworke r was driving a utility task vehicle (UTV), and Employee #1 was riding in the pa ssenger seat.  They were picking up cones in the parking lot prior to locking th e gate.  The coworker, driving with excess speed for this type of vehicle, attem pted to make a "U" turn, and the vehicle rolled onto the passenger side.  Employ ee #1's leg was crushed under the UTV.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal and admitted for treatment of a compound fracture to his lower leg that requ ired surgery.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 8, 2017, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by an elec trical services company, were engaged in electrical work at a job site.  They we re hooking a phase tester to live wires when a 4,160-volt arc flash occurred. Th e three workers sustained electrical burns.  The workers were treated at the hos pital for their burns, and Employees #1 and #2 required hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:25 p.m. on November 2, 2012, Employee #1 finished replacing a bearing on one of the head pulley and conveyor belt assembles of an avocado sizing machine. He then began testing the machine. As he tested it, his right arm contacted the unguarded nip point of another pulley and conveyor. The rotating parts pulled his arm into the machine and amputated it. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he underwent surgical procedures and was hospitalized for post-operative care.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in reroofing activity at a one-story residential structure.  He was on the roof and carrying a box of nails toward the work area when he fell, a fall h eight of 10 feet, and struck the floor.  The employee was transported to the hos pital, where he was admitted for treatment of a fractured arm and a fractured hi p.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:40 a.m. on May 22, 2018, an employee was removing dirt from around the cap of an eight inch C900 water line. While manually shoving the dirt from the cap, the cap blew off and struck the employee's knee. The employee was taken to a loc al hospital for treatment of an unspecified knee injury.
caught_nonfatal	On November 22, 2011, Employee #1, a 31-year-old male laborer, was replacing a bolt on the south 35-foot-high elevated open auger conveyor line at the Treehouse California Almonds, LLC hulling facility in Delano, CA. Connecting bolt breakage was reported to be common at the facility, and apparently, repairs were normally performed using an aerial device. In that instance, the aerial device was not operational. As a result, the hulling operations manager (manager) lead Employee #1 up the almond pile to access the conveyor line and walk on the rails of the auger tube. The hull pile was reported to be 10 feet to 15 feet below the area where Employee #1 was working. Employee #1 was replacing the bolt connecting the flight on the south auger conveyor line, with the manager standing ten feet away. The auger line was energized, apparently, while Employee #1 was standing in the auger or falling into the flight. Employee #1's legs became entangled in the auger flight, resulting in amputation of his right leg above the knee and multiple fractures to his left leg. Tulare County Fire Department initially responded to the emergency, but they were not prepared for an elevated extraction. As a result, the rescue took more than an hour. Extraction was performed using a gas-powered abrasive cut-off saw to remove the section of the auger line, where Employee #1 was entangled in the flight. Employee #1 was hospitalized. On November 22, 2011, the manager notified the Division about the serious occupational injury that occurred to Employee #1 that afternoon. During the investigation, the Division learned that the manager gave a hand sign to turn on the auger to an employee who was 150 feet away. Locks were available, and the employer claimed LOTO (lockout/tag out) training was provided. However a program meeting compliance requirements of a Cal/OSHA regulation was not established. In addition, the employer did not have an adequate plan for emergency preparedness.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on January 12, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was installing composite shingles on the second story roof of a residential str ucture.  At the end of his work shift, as he was cleaning up debris, he disconne cted his fall protection to walk from his work area across the roof to a ladder. As he was crossing the roof, the employee fell and struck the bottom of a newl y constructed, empty swimming pool, a fall height of 24.6 feet.  Emergency servi ces transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatmen t of multiple injuries, including fractures to an arm, wrist, and ribs, and flui d that required draining from his head.
electrocution_fatal	On June 11, 2003, Employee #1 was on a service call to repair electrical power lines downed from storm damage. Employee #1 came into contact with a live conductor on a 3-phase system that was hot. The contact with the live conductor wire resulted in fatal electrical injuries to Employee #1.
caught_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on July 13, 2020, an employee was operating/dismounted forklift.  A nother forklift operator was operating their vehicles in the warehouse when the other forklift operator was unaware that the employee had dismounted the vehicle , backed up into the aisle striking and crushing the employee between the two fo rklifts.  The employee was transported to the hospital and later died.  The empl oyee sustained crushed shin, broken femur, and crushed pelvis.
caught_fatal	At approximately 2:33 a.m. on April 8, 2017, an employee, a dozer operator on th e night shift, was standing on a wood chip pile next to where the chips are pull ed down onto a drag chain conveyor several feet below the surface of the wood ch ips.  The employee was standing next to the edge of a cone shaped depression in the wood chips that was formed when the chips were pulled down onto the drag cha in.  The area of the chips where he was standing gave away and he was pulled dow n under the chip pile.  The employee's body was pulled onto the conveyor system leading to a screening operation.  The employee's body travelled along several c onveyors until it was eventually ejected through a chute to a scrap pile outside the building.  The employee was found a couple of hours after the incident. The employee suffered body trauma and was suffocated.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on May 9, 2022, an employee was installing foam installation from a scissor lift.  The employee fell 36 feet from the elevated scissor lift platfor m to the concrete floor. The employee was killed by head trauma and fractures su stained at impact with the concrete.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 13, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was framing an outdoor kitchen at a residence.  He was climbing an A-frame ste pladder and was on the third rung when the ladder shifted.  The employee fell an d struck the concrete floor.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted fo r treatment of fractures to his skull.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on February 14, 2009, an employee was operating a Mitsubishi 5,000 lb capacity forklift and was moving empty citrus bins from the truck loading yard to the storage area. As the employee was reversing, the forklift struck a nearby empty trailer. His right forearm, which was in a crush hazard area of the forklift, was crushed in between the overhead guard post of the forklift and the LPG fuel tank that was struck by the trailer. The employee was taken to Community Regional Medical Center in Fresno, CA, where he was hospitalized and treated for a fractured arm.
struck_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on October 26, 2015, a 52 year old male laborer employee, was in th e process of removing railroad ties from an out of commission railroad spur with a coworker, a backhoe operator.  A combination backhoe was being used to remove the railroad ties. During removal of the railroad ties the employees noticed th at the railroad tie that they were removing was longer than others and had to mo ve a pile of rails that had been previously removed. While moving the rails one became lodged in the pile, as the backhoe operator tried to free the rail, it be came free then swung and hit the employee in the chest area. The employee was tr ansported to a local hospital and was died from the injuries sustained.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on October 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a scaffolding company , had finished work at a multifamily residential construction site and was waiti ng to return home.  He saw a portion of a chain link fence gate begin to fall ov er.  The employee grabbed the gate just as a bus proceeding along the street str uck a corner of the fence.  The employee's right leg became entangled in the gat e, and the femur was fractured.  The employee was transported to the hospital, w here he was admitted for treatment of the leg fracture.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 8, 2021, an employee climbed a utility pole and made contac t with a live overhead power line. The employee was electrocuted, received sever e burns to the body and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:37 p.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contra ctor, was engaged in roofing work at a multiemployer construction project.  He w as applying paper to the roof when he fell, a fall height of 26 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for traumatic brain injury, a fractured pelvis, and multipl e fractured ribs.
electrocution_fatal	On October 2, 2003, Employee #1 was installing evaporator tubing under the first floor of a building for a refrigerant leak detection system. He was routing the tubing over HVAC duct work in the mechanical room, and had to climb on the duct work and around the refrigeration piping system. He apparently fell against a water valve, causing water to pour out and saturate the area. Coworkers heard water gushing from the valve and rushed to the scene. At that same time, Employee #1 contacted an energized metal pipe hanger that had previously been installed. The coworkers realized he was being shocked and contacted an electrician to cut off the power to the room. Cowoerks then retrieved Employee #1 and performed CPR until medical personnel arrivewd. Employee #1 was transported to the local hospital, where he died. The metal hanger was anchored into the concrete decking for the first floor. The hanger had contacted a conductor that was installed in the PVC piping in the concrete deck when it was installed. When the building's power was turned on, approximately a month before the accident, the metal hanger became energized because all the conductors were routed through the floor in PVC pipe.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:10 p.m. on April 18, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a university building.  He was installing decking on the second level.  A sheet of decking Employee #1 was handling became caught on a rebar dowel protruding from a wall, and Employee #1 lost balance, stepped back, and fell through an opening to the floor below, a f all height of approximately 18 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employ ee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injuries, including a facial fracture and lacerations, pelvis fractures, and a fractured left femur.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:35 p.m. on May 28, 2019, Employee #1 and Employee #2 and their coworkers we re dispatched to investigate a power outage in a small residential area. During the troubleshooting, a transformer was found in the backyard of a residential ho me that crew leaders felt was the root cause of the outage and it had to be isol ated and replaced. To isolate the transformer, any other transformers that were directly connected to it on the circuit had to be isolated (de-energized) before the removal process began. The isolation process is conducted by pulling the el bow and docking it inside the transformer. The crew isolated the first transform er without issue. The crew went to the next transformer where they found that al l the grounds had been burned. The crew could not perform any work on it until t he grounds were fixed. Three employees stayed with this transformer and Employee #1 proceeded to the next transformer. After Employee #1 conducted a visual insp ection, he found that the area where he was to isolate the elbow was small and h e needed a 4-foot shotgun stick. Employee #2 brought him the stick. As Employee #1 removed the elbow, it exploded (arc flashed) blowing employee #2 back against the fence directly behind him and knocking him unconscious. Both employees were taken to the hospital with burns; however, Employee #2 was admitted due to thir d degree burns while Employee #1 suffered second degree burns and was treated an d released.
caught_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on April 24, 2013, Employee #1 was operating an excavator. While the excavator was running, he exited the cab and was crushed between the boom arm and the frame of the cab and died.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on October 26, 2016, three workers were working to hang Densi Glas s, a sheetrock type of material. Employees #1 and #2 were working from a scaffol d that was approximately eight feet high, and Employee #3 was handing them mater ial from below.  During work, the scaffold tipped over, landing on Employee #3 a nd causing Employee #1 and Employee #2 to fall. All three employees were hospita lized for non-life threatening injuries that consisted of a bruised knee, a conc ussion, and a fractured rib.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was searching for an open fault along an overhead power line. He contacted the power line was electrocuted. He had not been using electrical protective equipment.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 5:15 p.m. on August 22, Employee #1, an oil well driller, was running a wire line into a hole for logging and perforation of the cased hole. He was lifting the tubing hanger string using a logging unit wire line rig. The tubing hanger compression ring gasket, located between the tubing hanger and the casing flange, was seized together. While a coworker lifted the tubing hanger with the wire line, Employee #1 reached into the bore of the well casing flange to ensure that the lock screw position was fully retracted. At the same moment the tubing hanger string lifted from the tubing hanger bowl, his right index finger was caught and cut off between the last joint and the end of the finger. He was not hospitalized for his injury.
caught_fatal	At 11:00 p.m. on January 10, 2012, Employee #1 was contracted to repair a tire o n a large John Deere Scraper. Employee #1 placed a block of wood under the John Deere Scraper, behind the tire to be repaired. The block of wood was used to set up a hydraulic jack and to hold the John Deere Scraper up while the tire was be ing repaired. The John Deere Scraper was hoisted with a truck mounted hoist. The hoist equipment consisted of a wire sling and hook. The wire slings were wrappe d around the tire that needed to be repaired and the hook of the hoist was place d under the rim of the tire while it was hoisted. Employee #1 was under the John Deere Scraper when the hook of the hoist equipment slipped off the rim, crushin g Employee #1 between the John Deere Scraper and the block of wood.   Employee # 1 was working alone at the time of the accident. Employee #1 was killed from a l acerated brainstem and several head and face fractures.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 p.m., on November 13, 2012, Employee #1 of Hofmar Engineering & Construction Inc. sustained a leg injury while in the course of his normal work duties as a general construction laborer. Employee #1 was working as an asphalt shoveler on a street paving crew that was applying an asphalt patch to the side of the road. When he noticed that he had left his shovel in the paver's hopper, he ran to retrieve it. In doing so, his foot was caught in the area of the unpaved surface and the paver's frame when the equipment was moving. Employee #1 fractured his ankle and was hospitalized for a period of two days.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 2, 2021, an employee was spraying adhesive onto a conve yer belt roller when he shook the aerosol can and his finger got caught in an un guarded electric motor pulley behind him. The employee was hospitalized to treat a right index finger amputation.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:25 p.m. on February 15, 2019, Employee #1, an apprentice, and Employee #2, a foreman/supervisor, both employed by a home builder, were working on a residen tial garage remodeling project.  They were cutting the existing rafter ties, res haping them, and repositioning them to create a higher ceiling.   Employee #1 wa s working from a scaffold, holding the rafter ties while they were cut by Employ ee #2, and then holding the reshaped rafter ties in their new positions while Em ployee #2 nailed them into place.  The rafter ties were not bolted or otherwise sufficiently secured; they were nailed in with four to six 16-penny nails to hol d them in place.   Approximately 15 rafter ties were cut and repositioned in suc cession from the front of the garage to the back.  The roof collapsed, cascading from front to back, as the employees were working on the 15th rafter tie.  Ther e were no effective bracing measures utilized to prevent the load of the roof fr om collapsing.  When the roof collapsed, Employee #1 was pinned between the scaf fold and the roof.   Employee #2, who was working from the fourth rung of an A-f rame ladder, was struck by a falling piece of wood and knocked off the ladder. The employees were transported to the hospital, where Employee #1 was admitted f or treatment of fractures to his left leg tibia and fibula bones.  Employee #2 w as treated for a minor head injury and contusion and was released.
electrocution_fatal	On June 18, 2004, Employee #1, a process technician, was assigned to change tooling on a plastics blow molder. Employee #1 was electrocuted and killed, when he contacted a 480-volt circuit. Apparently, a heater band had dislodged from the blow molder's head and energized the tooling rack that Employee #1 was in contact with. The investigation revealed that Employee #1 had not been trained in electrical safe work practices and how to properly handle and use electrical equipment. He was also not provided with protective equipment or insulated tools.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 9, 2007, Employee #1 was assigned to open and inspect a new unenergized switch gear box. However, Employee #1 mistakenly opened the wrong switch gear box, which was energized. As he contacted the energized box, Employee #1 received severe electrical shock injuries to his right wrist, left forearm, and his head, which required ten staples on the back of his head during hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 6, 2015, a roofer was spreading aluminum fiber coating on the roof of a row home while standing on a 28 foot tall aluminum ladder using a 10 foot long aluminum extension pole with a brush head attached on the end. T he employee made contact with overhead 7,200 volt powerlines with the 10-foot ex tension pole while working on the roof and fell on to a concrete sidewalk.  The employee  was electrocuted
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 6, 2017, an employee was climbing a portable ladder to pla ce a tarp over a skylight. During positioning of the tarp, he slipped and fell 1 9 feet to the floor below. The employee sustained a bruised lung, broken collar bone, three-fractured ribs, and a fractured skull.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:16 p.m. on November 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was framing the roof at a multiemployer construction project, a single famil y residential structure.  Carrying a nail gun, he climbed up a 6-foot A-frame la dder inside the house to nail part of the roof structure.  As he prepared to cli mb down, the nail gun activated, and a nail shot into his neck.  Emergency servi ces were called, and Employee #1 was transported and admitted to the hospital. The puncture wound required surgery
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on November 3, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was operating a power saw to cut wood. The saw kicked back, and the blade mad e contact with his left middle finger.  The finger was partially amputated.  Emp loyee #1 received treatment for the partial amputation.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 31, 2018, an employee and a coworker were cleaning and r emoving material from the inside of a nacelle that belonged to wind tower A-17. As they were finishing up their task, the employee asked the coworker what the p urpose was for an electrical box, called DAQ, that was located on the ground. Th e coworker stated that the box served no purpose and suggested that the employee cut its wires and remove the box. The DAQ box was opened and a energized 690V w as cut with diagonal cutters. An arc flash occurred, resulting in the employee s ustaining electrical burns to his fingers, hands, and forearms. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:00 p.m. on September 26, 2010, Employee #1 was operating a forklift to perform selecting operations in the refrigeration and produce departments of a Safeway distribution center. While proceeding down an aisle, he encountered two other forklifts that blocked his route. Employee #1 applied the brakes but was unable to stop before his forklift collided with one of the others. His left leg and ankle became pinned between them. Employee #1 was transported by ambulance to San Joaquin General Hospital, and then transferred to UC Davis, where he was hospitalized for treatment of the crushing injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on March 8, 2017, an employee was laying horizontal P VC sewer pipe line in an excavation from the residence to the main vertical sewe r clean out pipe tie in. The employee had just entered the 6-foot deep section o f the excavation, and did not recall anything after that. The employee called ou t to operator to get him out of the excavation. The employee allegedly struck hi s head against an object resulting in seizures. The employee was airlifted to Or ange Park Medical Center and admitted.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on April 5, 2017, Employee #1, Coworker #1 (a welding foreman), and five additional Coworkers, employed by a construction company specializing in t he utilities and communications industries, were performing pipeline work for a utility company.  They were at a desert location and working inside a trench box , preparing to weld together two sections of of pipe using a welding machine.  E mployee #1 was operating a side-boom tractor to lower the pipes into the trench. Coworker #1 instructed the six employees in the trench to exit the trench, bec ause he felt the pipe moving.  All employees except Employee #1 successfully exi ted.  Employee #1, as he attempted to exit, was pinned between the shifting pipe and the trench box.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractured ribs.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:15 p.m. on February 12, 2022, an employee was working at the site as a full-time employee. The employee was conducting cleaning operations a t the time of the incident. The work involved in the accident consisted of clean ing a machine (West End Vacuum Tube).  He had been involved in the operation of the machine throughout the day, including cooling the produce that was put insid e the machine. At the end of the day, the employee started to use a water hose t o rinse out the machine. At the time of the incident, the employee was outside o f the machine, next to the rolling platform on the ground, with his right foot o n a section of the machine. In between the platform and the machine. The machine has a gate that goes up (open) and down(close). The employee was raising the si des/corners of the machine when he heard a noise (air). The employee looked up a nd noticed the gate (approx. 12.11 ft high by 10.8 ft long) of the machine comin g down. The employee reacted to get his right leg out of the way of the path of the gate by turning to his left. but did not react fast enough that the gate cau ght his ankle, leading to his injury. A coworker went to help him and obtained a forklift to lift the gate. After that, the employee was taken to a local hospit al, where he was admitted for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	On November 3, 2009, Employee #1 and a coworker were working from an articulating aerial lift. The aerial device was manufactured by JLG, Inc., Model Number E400AJPN, and Serial Number 0300112827. They were waterproofing a multi-story building. High voltage conductors rated at 39,800 volts phase to ground and 69,000 volts phase to phase were located 12 ft away from the face of the building and 5 ft above the roof. Employee #1 was operating the controls and was moving the basket away from the building. He was facing the building and was shocked when his back contacted the overhead power line. He was hospitalized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:43 a.m. on February 9, 2017, Employee #1 was climbing a ladder to go onto a roof. The roof was slippery due to rain. As the employee was on his way up, th e ladder went sideways, and the employee slipped and fell off of the ladder. Emp loyee #1 landed on the ground and he struck his head.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on October 14, 2014, an employee was walking in front of a load on a fork lift spotting for the operator to ensure there was sufficient space and the load was clear. The forklift was being operated in reverse. The electrical c abinet being moved on the forklift made contact with a valve shut off hand wheel which knocked the cabinet off the forks and struck the employee's head.  The em ployee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 6:00 p.m. on February 16, 2010, an employee was feeding the wood block under the modular building chassis, when the jack either slipped out or failed. Employee's hand was between the blocks and was pinned. The employee was taken to hospital, where he was treated for fractured fingers and released the same day.
struck_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on February 10, 2020, an employee was manually disengaging the tan dem locks while under a flatbed trailer and a coworker backed the trailer up.  T he employee was struck by the support beam and the front tandem support in his c hest, crushing it.  The employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on July 16, 2013, an employee was working with a construction crew that was pouring concrete to build a highway.  The employee was walking towards the paving crew from his vehicle using the same path that the dump trucks were u sing when delivering concrete to the belt placer.  The employee was struck by an d run over by one of the dump truck's passenger side tires that was delivering concrete to the pour crew.  The employee was killed as a result of crushing inju ries.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on December 20, 2021, an employee was operating a K2 CKD Rotary Fee der while being trained as a Production Utility Helper. The employee was reinsta lling an air-intake pipe in the airlock system when he caught his right hand in the rotary feeder. The employee amputated his index and middle fingers and was h ospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On February 20, 2007, Employee #1, who was also the supervisor, and two coworkers, all of whom worked for an electrical contractor, were providing service on high voltage electrical equipment. The site was a substation of a three-wire, three-phase, 600-amp, 15-kilovolt step-down transformer station, serial #82-9-016-1, that was located near Building 55 on the campus of California State Polytechnic University in Pomona. The substation feeds electric power to different buildings on campus. There were arcing problems on some of the insulators in the buss of the transformer, creating a fault on the transformer's circuit that caused power outages to some campus buildings. After a site assessment, it was determined that damaged insulators had to be replaced to solve the issue of power outages. At approximately 4:00 p.m., one of the University's electricians turned the tie to Feeder-3 switch in the electrical room of Building #35 to the "closed" position, but it was not locked out. This allowed the electric power to back feed to Feeder-3 and re-energize the circuit to the transformer where Employee #1 and his coworkers were trying to fix the problem. Employee #1 was changing insulators at the south side of the transformer when he was sustained a serious electric shock, suffering third- and fourth-degree burns over various parts of his body. He was transported to Pomona Valley Hospital for initial treatment, and then airlifted to the Grossman Burn Center for further medical treatment. Employee #1 was hospitalized for several months and underwent various surgical treatments, including amputation of his left shoulder and removal of part of his skull.
fall_fatal	At 6:37 p.m. on June 27, 2022, an employee had just removed a panel of roof shea thing from a rooftop when he stepped onto the underlying roof insulation and fel l through the roof. The employee was not using fall protection and fell approxim ately 18 feet. As the employee fell, he struck a cabinet,  shelving, and the con crete floor and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On July 15, 2008, Employee # 1 contacted a piece of copper that was being used as a grounding wire. He was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on January 13, 2021, an employee was working in the flagman positio n wearing a high visibility coat while holding a 6 foot tall traffic flow sign. The employee was responsible for directing traffic while Coworker #1, Coworker # 2 and Coworker #3 knocked down trees with a backhoe. The employee had just turne d his traffic flow sign from stop to slow. Driver #1 was the only one stopped an d was waiting for the signal to proceed. As he pulled out, he checked his rear v iew mirror and noticed Driver #2 coming at a high rate of speed. Driver #1 thoug ht he was going to be rear ended when Driver #2 hit the employee with such force he pushed the employee and the employee's truck approximately 50 feet from the point of impact. The employee was killed when he was struck by Driver #2's Ford Ranger truck and crushed between Driver #2's truck and his own Dodge pickup truc k.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on December 13, 2017, an employee was fixing the tarp on his traile r and fell approximately 12 feet to the ground.  The employee was killed from un reported injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on September 17, 2015, an employee was given instruct ions to unwind an electrical whipout to a light fixture from around a sprinkler pipe in the 9-ft 6-in ceiling. The power had not been turned off to the fixture, and the wires were live. The employee contacted the live wires carrying 277 vol ts and was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:25 p.m. on August 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a two-story multifamily residential structure.  He was working f rom an aluminum extension ladder and replacing galvanized steel gutter downspout s when his hands made contact with live overhead high voltage lines.  He fell fr om the ladder, a fall height of 10 feet.  Employee #1, who sustained head injuri es and electrical burns to both hands, was killed.
struck_fatal	At 4:33 a.m. on June 13, 2018, an employee was loading a company vehicle when a semi-truck swerved to avoid another vehicle and the employee's company truck. Th e employee was killed as a result.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on April 6, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing activity at a one-story commercial building.  He then attempt ed to leave the roof.  As he approached the roof's edge to access a ladder, he s lipped and fell, a fall height of 16.8 feet.  Emergency services were called, an d Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fall-related injuries, including multiple fractured ribs.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on December 20, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a cons truction company, were engaged in demolition work at a power plant.  Employee #1 , a demolition expert and unofficial site foreman, was working from an elevated section of the boiler house.  Two coworkers were performing torch cutting as the y worked below Employee #1 in the basket of an aerial lift.  In an attempt to in spect the cuts made by the two coworkers, Employee #1 walked along a catwalk who se structure had been damaged during the demolition work.  Employee #1 stepped o n a damaged section of catwalk grating and fell through the grating, a fall heig ht of 41 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on April 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was engaged in interior carpentry work at a residence.  As he attempted to plu g in an extension cord to a power pole, he received a slight electric shock.  Th e employee did not require hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on March 24, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing contractor, was working at a multiemployer construction project, the rehabilitation of a co mmercial building.  He was using a Makita 2414DB 120-volt 15a Chop Saw, Serial N umber 099897, to cut plastic pipe.  Employee #1 sustained a partial amputation o f his left index finger.  He received medical treatment for the fingertip amputa tion.  He did not require hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on July 11, 2022, Employee #1 (the owner), Employee #2, and Employ ee #3 were bringing down a LadderVator to disassemble it, as the roofing job was nearing completion. As Employee #1 was pulling the LadderVator away from the bu ilding, he lost control of it, and it fell into a 14.4KV powerline.  Employees # 2 and #3 tried to assist with the ladder and assist Employee #1. Employee #1 was electrocuted, and the two other employees received critical electricity-related injuries and were hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on August 15, 2002, Employee #1 was using a worm-drive circular saw ("SkilSaw" model HD77M, 13 Amperage, unknown serial number), to cut notches in 2-by-4s for use as stakes for a concrete form. He was cutting a notch when the saw jumped and came down on his left wrist. He sustained a laceration and tendon damage, for which he was hospitalized for more that 24 hours, and underwent surgery. Subsequent physical therapy enabled Employee #1 to regain use of his injured wrist.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on June 8, 2018, an employee was in the process of flipping a steel beam when it fell off of the table and struck the employee in the leg, resultin g in a fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 11, 2018, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a home b uilder, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new residential s tructure.  He had just completed framing a wall and was preparing to take a lunc h break.  The employee either slipped or tripped over the new framed wall and fe ll, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to th e hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a dislocated ankle with abrasi ons and lacerations.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on April 10, 2018, Employee #1 was delivering drywall. The employee became caught between the building wall and the outrigger while trying to eject the outrigger to put away the sand sill on the driver's side. He suffered inter nal bleeding and a fractured hip. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on August 29, 2016, an employee climbed up onto a semi-trailer and released the ratchet chain binder on a load of pipe in preparation of unloading the pipe from the semitrailer. Employees were delivering steel pipes to be used as culverts using a semitrailer. Upon arrival to the delivery site, the two (2) employees were releasing the ratchet chain binders in preparation of unloading o ne (1) of the pipes. The coworker had released the rear chain binder as the enpl oyee positioned himself between the pipe and the edge of the trailer. When the E mployee released the forward chain binder the pipe began to roll toward him. The employee jumped off of the trailer and landed in a prone position on the ground perpendicular to the trailer. The employee's head was toward the trailer and hi s feet were toward the ditch. The pipe continued to roll to the trailer's edge a nd fell onto the upper back of the Employee. The pipe rolled down the employee's body until it came to rest in the ditch below. The employee was killed from mul tiple crushing injuries.
fall_nonfatal	On May 12, 2017, an employee was attaching an airline to a trailer while standin g in the truck bed.  The employee fell approximately 3 feet from the trailer and landed on the concrete ground, lacerating their head.
struck_fatal	On or about June 3, 2015, a lead worker and his helper were demolishing a car wash facility. They had demolished the roof and trusses that covered the first four concrete walls between the first four wash bays. Each wall was approximately 10 feet high and 22 feet long. The lead worker had taken down the first two walls by chiseling out each block one at a time from the top down. However, on the third wall, the lead worker was using a sledge hammer, striking the second to bottom row of block. At approximately 2:30 p.m., the wall fell, pinning him to the concrete floor. He sustained a separated aorta, a ruptured diaphragm, multiple fractured ribs, a fractured pubic bone, and fractured lumbar vertebrae. According to the coroner, the probable cause of death was exsanguination. According to the Orangeburg County Sheriff's office, there was no mechanical equipment or safety equipment on site when they arrived on site to begin their investigation. (OSHA compliance staff was unable to locate the helper to aid in the investigation of the accident.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 31, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers were installing and appl ying wall texture to the drywall inside a new one-story residence.  Employee #1, using an airless sprayer, had just finished applying a pre-coating to the inter ior walls.  He moved his sprayer outside to clean it.  The employee did not disc onnect the sprayer from the power supply, nor did he place the trigger safety de vice, before he began to disassemble the sprayer.  During this process, the spra yer activated and sprayed the employee's right hand between the thumb and index finger.  The employee sustained a laceration approximately one-half-inch long. In addition, the liquid prep-coating in the gun was sprayed into the employee's hand.  The employee initially refused outside medical treatment, but the followi ng day he transported himself to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatme nt of the injured hand.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 6, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was performing site preparation for a commercial building.  He was using a plat e tamper and an excavator.  When he attempted to move the plate tamper out of a 3-foot hole, his right arm became caught in the pinch point between the tamper a nd the excavator's bucket.  The employee was transported to the hospital and adm itted for treatment of a fractured arm.
electrocution_fatal	On December 28, 2002, Employee #1 was on the roof of a row house, cutting strips of rubberized material prior to placement on the roof. He was apparently moving or repositioning a 40 ft fiberglass stepladder that he had used to access the roof when it contacted a 13-kilovolt power line hanging approximately 6 ft 4 in. above his head. Employee #1 was transported to St. Agnes Hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a drywall contractor, wa s doing interior work in a unit of a multifamily residential building.  He was i n the process of mudding drywall on an interior closet.  While holding a tray of mud in his hand, the employee attempted to climb a 4-foot rolling scaffold to r each the top portion of the closet area without first locking the scaffold's whe els.  As the employee attempted to step onto the bottom step of the scaffold, th e scaffold rolled out from under him, causing him to fall back and hit his head on the concrete floor, a fall height of approximately 2 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a head concu ssion.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 31, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in ground-level steel erection work at a job site.  Employee #1 w as handling steel braces when a steel pipe/frame came loose  from a tent, fell, and struck the employee.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a lower back fracture and a head injury.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 2, 2021, an employee climbed into a box to remove air move rs, which was elevated by a forklift. The box shifted off the forklift forks and the employee fell twenty-two feet and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on July 2, 2018, an employee was working from an extension ladder ( Werner aluminum extension ladder) to install strapping using a pneumatic nail gu n. While the employee was working, a coworker, operating a forklift (X-Treme, Mo del 1255 rough terrain forklift), backed into the ladder the employee was workin g from while trying to remove a dumpster from the area. The employee then fell a pproximately fourteen feet and landed on a pile of lumber. The employee was hosp italized for multiple fractures to his right leg and ankle.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:20 p.m. on June 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was installing an aluminum sheet on top of a gas station canopy.  As he handled the metal sheet, it came too close to a high voltage power line.  An electric ar c ensued, and Employee #1 sustained burns to his hands and an exit wound on his foot.  He was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for electric sh ock and burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 3:30 PM, on May 21, 2008, Employee #1, an electrician/foreman with Sasco, was sitting near an energized 480V electrical panel located on an underground level of a building under construction. He had just used a Makita 18V cordless drill to remove the bolts from the cover of the panel. When a screwdriver fell into the switchgear, an arc flash occurred, destroying the panel and charring the area nearby. Employee #1 was transported to California Hospital and then transferred the same day to a burn unit at USC Medical Center for treatment of first- and second-degree burns to his face, hands and arms.
electrocution_fatal	On August 26, 2004, Employees #1 and #2 were scraping and repainting the wood siding of a two-story home. They were setting up a ladder to reach the second floor when it contacted an overhead power line next to the house. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2 received an electric shock, for which he was treated and released.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on March 18, 2019, an employee worked to remove old roofing materi al. While clearing out the old material, the employee fell approximately twenty feet through the roof. The employee was hospitalized for a back fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on October 23, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was climbing a ladder at a building construction site.  As he approached the top of the ladder, he slipped and fell.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fract ures to his left ankle, right foot, and a chipped vertebrae.
fall_fatal	At 7:00 a.m. on September 1, 2017, Employee #1 was gathering materials to instal l plates and screws to secure a TPO membrane to the roof of an apartment complex under construction. In order to gather the materials, the employee, a foreman a nd a coworker traveled approximately 384 feet to the other side of the roof. The employee returned first to begin working, while the foreman and the other roofe r remained back as they continued to gather materials and equipment. When the fo reman and coworker returned to the workplace, Employee #1 was gone. They realize d that the employee had fallen over the 9 inch parapet wall, and struck the comp acted soil approximately 54 feet below. Employee #1 sustained fatal injuries and was pronounced dead upon arrival at the hospital.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on June 29, 2019, Employee #1 was installing metal siding for a com mercial building.  He was installing aluminum studs when a stud slipped and cut through his left hand glove, lacerating his hand.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the laceration.
struck_fatal	At 10:15 a.m. on December 18, 2018, on a low slope roof, a subcontractor's emplo yee entered an area protected by guardrails and fell through a floor hole that w as covered with a sheet of plastic.  The employee fell approximately 90 feet bef ore landing on the ground, struck his head and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:38 a.m. on May 30, 2017, Employee #1 was removing bolts on an insulator. T he employee contacted an 11,000 volt AC energized bus bar and sustained thermal burns. Employee #1 was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 9, 2019, an employee was operating a forklift when he fe ll from it and struck his head against the cement floor.  The employee was hospi talized from blunt force trauma and later died.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on December 10, 2020, an employee worked to align a sewage grinder suspended from a backhoe. At some point, the backhoe bucket struck the employee' s head and caused a skull fracture that killed the employee.
electrocution_fatal	A laborer for an electrical contractor was working on a streetlighting pole, checking an energized fuse holder. He contacted live parts of a 277-volt, three-phase electric circuit and was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 27, 2020, an employee and a coworker (supervisor) were mov ing a vehicle utilizing a back hoe (PIT) and and a chain hoist to lift the vehic le with the front bucket of the back hoe. The employee was attempting to unhook the sling from underneath the front bumper of the vehicle and but the hooks were stuck onto the bumper. The employee hand signalled his coworker who was operati ng the back hoe to lower the bucket. The coworker interpreted the hand signal as to lift the bucket and consequently pinched the employee's index finger between the sling and the hook. The employee amputated his finger and required hospital ization.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 21, 2020, an employee was working from a scaffold to pump c oncrete mix into a block wall. At some point, the employee lost his balance and fell from the scaffold while setting up the hose to pump the concrete. The emplo yee was killed by blunt force trauma to unspecified body parts.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 24, 2018, an employee stepped from an aerial lift onto a plastic roof panel. The plastic panel broke and the employee fell 15 feet to the concrete ground. The employee sustained multiple fractures of the left arm and vertebrae and was hospitalized
caught_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on December 19, 2020, an employee raised the arms of a OmniQuip Com pact Technologies skid steer in order to attempt to replace the cover over the b attery terminals. He mistakenly pressed the foot control and the arm assembly ca me down on the employee. The arm assembly pinned the employee against the front housing of the skid steer and killed him.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on December 9, 2020, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a const ruction company, were engaged in installing roof decking for a new three-story c oncrete commercial building.  Employee #1 was sitting on a riding anchor cart th at was used for fall protection and preparing to fasten joist corners to secure a decking panel and pin the decking lap seam.  A coworker was operating a "Mex-M aster" modified articulating lift with a hydraulic component to raise a new deck ing panel.  The hydraulics on the lift failed to make a clean release, causing a joist to deflect.  As coworkers applied tension to the joist in an attempt to m ove it into the proper position, a 5-inch gap appeared between the newly placed decks that compromised the decking's structural integrity.  Employee #1 had been 60 feet away, but he apparently drove the anchor cart over to the area where th e problem was.  The decking gave way, and Employee #1 and the anchor cart fell 4 1 feet.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital for treatmen t of traumatic head and neck injuries and a fractured leg.  He died at the hospi tal six days later.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on June 29, 2016 an employee was setting up a 24 foot extension  la dder to paint the eave of a house.  The employee fell from the ladder, striking his head on the concrete walkway, and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on December 22, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a con struction company, were working at a multiemployer road project.  Employee #1 ha d just retrieved a backpack left in a skid steer vehicle when he turned over the vehicle's operation to the coworker.  The backpack's straps caught on the skid steer's controls, and the vehicle lurched forward and ran over Employee #1's foo t and leg.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on May 4, 2017, An employee was holding on to the end of the concre te supply hose. The concrete flow started to plug the hose and the employee lost his grip and was struck with the end of the hose.  The employee was hospitalize d.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 9, 2015, an employee was looking at plans on a roof. T he employee fell through a 38-in. by 38-in. roof opening, which was divided into two parts by a two by four making one side of the opening 38-in. by 14-in. and the other side 38-in. by 24-in.. The employee fell 40 feet through the larger op ening and suffered from blunt force trauma. The employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 7, 2019, Employee #1, a supervisor, and a coworker, both employed by a construction company, were working at the site of a commercial bu ilding construction project.  The supervisor intended to use a skid steer loader to remove an existing concrete foundation.  He first needed to change the bucke t on the loader.  The supervisor instructed the coworker to operate the loader. As the coworker raised the loader bucket so that the supervisor could detach it , the supervisor released the locking mechanism.  The bucket fell and struck the supervisor's left foot.  The supervisor was transported to the hospital, admitt ed, and treated for fractures to four toes on his foot.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 24, 2017, an employee was installing strips of bituminous waterproofing materials along the exterior edge of the building's eleventh floo r slab.  The employee had been standing outside of the guardrails and jumped dow n to a platform made up of multi-point suspension scaffolding.  The employee fel l 80 feet from the scaffolding to the concrete slab and the employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 31, 2014, Employee #1 was standing on a s caffold installing sheetrock in an elevator shaft using a hand drill to screw th e sheetrock into the beams.  He had one foot on the scaffold platform and the ot her foot on a horizontal piece of wood between the vertical beams. The wood gave way and he fell approximately 14 feet, striking his head and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:35 a.m. on July 28, 2018, Employee #1 was standing on a Werner, Model numbe r 6206, six foot ladder, removing masking paper from the roof of the patio after painting.  The employee had to reach overhead to remove the paper, lost his bal ance and fell with the ladder. He hit his head on the concrete floor and was tak en to a nearby hospital. Employee #1 was hospitalized for surgery, but died on J uly 29, 2018 at approximately 9:10 a.m.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:41 p.m. on May 21, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing work at a two- story single family residence.  After installing a new roof, he was working from a ladder and cleaning the gutters.  The ladder began to tip to the side, and th en its bottom kicked out.  Employee #1 fell and landed on the ladder, which had fallen to the concrete surface.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, ad mitted, and treated for a fractured right elbow.
caught_nonfatal	On January 30, 2009 Employee #1, a maintenance mechanic, was trying to loosen and straighten the printed film in the die area of a stick pack machine (Duma DMV 4B), when his hand got caught between the dies. The stick pack machine was not deenergized prior to removing the film. Employee #1 crushed his right index finger. His finger was amputated.
fall_fatal	At 7:50 a.m. on April 10, 2018, a truck driver arrived at an almond hulling faci lity to receive a load of almonds. His truck had a Western Trailers belt trailer attached. After an Equipment Operator used a John Deere loader (model number: 6 44k) to load almond hulls over the top of the trailer, the truck driver drove of f to weigh the trailer at the onsite scales. The load was slightly under the 80, 000 pound target weight, causing the truck driver to request that more product b e loaded into his trailer. During filling, a mound of almond hulls accumulated i n the center of the trailer, extending above the trailers top rails, which woul d prevent it from being covered.  The truck driver climbed a fixed ladder on the front side of the trailer, walked on top of the almond hulls, and used a shovel to level out the product. On his way back to the front side of the trailer, the truck driver fell head first off the drivers side of the trailer. He struck th e ground below that was approximately 13 feet. Emergency services were contacted and, upon arrival, determined the truck driver to be dead as a result of suffer ing blunt force trauma to his head, chest, and abdomen.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on July 19, 2016, an employee and co-worker were installing 3/4 inc h thick by 3 ft wide by 8 ft long plywood close to the edge on the second floor. The employee stepped on the edge of the plwood he was nailing and fell 10 ft on the wooden stairway steps below. The employee cracked his rib.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a job site.  He was walking alongside a concrete finishing m achine when he fell and grabbed the machine.  Employee #1's finger was amputated .  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospit al, admitted, and treated for the amputation.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:15 a.m. on September 19, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker wer e performing framing carpentry work on a new commercial building under construct ion. It was both employees first day on the jobsite. At around 7:00 a.m., the em ployees arrived onsite and were instructed by their employer to bring their hand tools. The coworker asked workers around the site for help lifting his tools so that he would not have to hand carry the tools up the ladders. A company forema n for another contractor agreed to help the employees. He retrieved a JCB 507-42 all-terrain forklift that had a jobsite made box attached and lifted the tools to a third story window. Employee #1 climbed out of the window onto the box and began to hand tools to his coworker. As Employee #1 gave some of the tools to hi s coworker, the box shifted and Employee #1 lost his balance and fell from the e levated platform. Employee #1 fell approximately three-stories, striking the gro und and suffering blunt force trauma to his skull and neck that killed him. Empl oyee #1 was not wearing fall protection.
electrocution_nonfatal	On April 14, 2008, an employee was working in a excavation, and the bucket of the track-hoe contacted a 500 volt main. The arc blast blew him about 6 feet from where he was working. The employee received cuts and bruises but was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:10 p.m. on September 29, 2016, Employee #1 was removing conne cting pins from a crane boom.  The boom fell and struck Employee #1 who received crushing injuries and multiple traumas and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 7:45 p.m. on September 13, 2017, an employee was working in a drained undergr ound pool in the process of being demolished.  The pool liner was made of steel. While in the process of making a vertical cut with a gas powered chop saw, the saw kicked back and struck the employee in the neck area.  The employee was kil led.
electrocution_fatal	On November 13, 2006, Employee #1, a power line worker, was in an aerial lift, installing a guy line on a new pole when he apparently crossed a 7,200-volt phase line and the neutral. He was electrocuted. Employee #1 was evidently wearing leather work gloves at the time of the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, wa s working at a multiemployer construction project, the renovation of a large apa rtment complex.  He was working from a scaffold and climbing down the scaffold's handrails from the third level to the second level of a five-story building whe n he fell and struck the concrete floor, a fall height of approximately 20 to 23 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured left tibia that required t hree surgeries to his foot and leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 19, 2011, Employee #1, the owner of United Iron Works, was operating an industrial forklift and lifted a steel beam for an elevator. Employee #1 was guiding the beam into place, and the forklift made contact with a 12 KV line. Employee #1 received a shock and fell to the ground. He was taken to the hospital for nonspecified injuries caused by the electric shock.
electrocution_fatal	A power line worker was in a Hi-Ranger aerial lift, clipping in a new overhead power line. He had not covered an existing 7200-volt overhead power line nor was he wearing rubber insulating gloves. The uninsulated section of the boom contacted the energized line while the employee was touching the new, grounded line. The employee was electrocuted when he reached behind his back and contacted the boom or controls.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on June 3, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a construc tion company, were engaged in framing operations for a three-story residential s tructure.  Work materials were being passed through a floor hole on the third le vel, and the floor hole then was left uncovered.  Employee #1 stepped into the o pen floor hole and fell approximately 30 feet, striking the basement's concrete floor.  Employee #1 sustained injuries that included a broken arm.  He was trans ported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 19, 2016, an employee was preparing to remove the garag e roof of a 4 unit apartment complex. He stepped on decomposed sheeting, lost ba lance, and fell nine feet onto a concrete driveway. There were no witnesses. The employee sustained head trauma and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 7:50 a.m. on September 7, 2005, Employee #1 was part of a three-man crew installing earth anchors at the base of an overhead power line pole. He inserted a metal anchor rod into the anchor wrench that was attached to the boom on a digger/derrick truck. The boom was also in contact with an energized 14,400-volt overhead line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:40 a.m. on September 17, 2008, Employee #1, a sprinkler set up man, and a coworker were assembling a 10-in. aluminum irrigation pipeline. The coworker pushed a pipe from one end, pinching Employee #1's left little finger at the other end. Employee #1's finger was lacerated.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on May 30, 2012, Employee #1 was cutting concrete pavers as part of a driveway installation at a residential job site in Camarillo, CA. He was operating a guarded portable grinder, Bosch Model Number 1375, Serial Number 101006574, with a 3.5-inch dry diamond wheel. The employee had his right hand on the body of the grinder and his left hand on the handle as he cut the pavers. For unknown reasons, the employee's left glove came into contact with the dry diamond wheel, and the employee's left hand was pulled into the wheel. The employee sustained a deep laceration to his left wrist. His injury required hospitalization. Cal/OSHA Division was notified of the accident by the Ventura County Fire Department at approximately 11:45 a.m. on May 30, 2012. The owner of the injured employee's company notified Cal/OSHA Division at approximately 5:10 p.m. on July 20, 2012. On July 20, 2012, Cal/OSHA Division initiated an onsite investigation of the accident. The employer, Ideal Concrete Worx, is a small privately owned company located in Camarillo, CA. It engages in concrete work for residential and commercial purposes. At the time of the accident, Employee #1 had been employed with Ideal Concrete Worx as a Laborer for approximately three weeks. There were no direct witnesses to the incident, and the employee's supervisor was not on the job site at the time.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on August 22, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was at a worksite and preparing to work on an irrigation booster.  As he attempted to de-energize and disconnect a transformer, he disconnected the wr ong transformer, one that was still energized.  An arc flash ensued, and Employe e #1 received flash burns.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for flash burns to app roximately 20 percent of his body.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on August 10, 2018, an employee stopped work to lean onto the raili ng of a deck. The top rail failed to support the employee's weight and he fell a pproximately twelve feet. The employee received a fracture to his femur, pelvis and elbow, and a head laceration.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on January 6, 2017, Employee #1 was kicking holes th rough the polycarbonate roofing and sweeping snow through the holes. He grabbed the edge of a hole and tried widening, when he fell through the hole landing 10 ft below. Employee #1 suffered fractures to the base of his skull and facial bon es as well as traumatic brain hemorrhaging and fractures to the carpal bone of h is right wrist. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he receiv ed treatment and was then hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 9, 2018, an employee was cleaning gutters from the roof when he slipped and fell approximately 20 feet to the ground.  The employee frac tured several ribs and pelvis as well as sustaining an injury to his back.  The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 8, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construc tion company, were removing steel roof panels from the flat roof of a three-stor y manufacturing building in preparation for installing a new roof.  The roof pan els measured approximately 1.5 feet wide by 25 feet long.  The removal process e ntailed walking on an aluminum scaffold pick rather than the unsuitable work sur face of the roof panels.  The two employees were required to use a fall protecti on system of self-retracting lifelines attached to metal roof swivel anchors, Pa rt Number 390RSA-01, with shock-absorbing lanyards and harnesses, which were pro vided by the employer.  However, when the employees returned to the roof after a lunch break, they did not attach their harnesses to the lifelines.  As they lif ted a roof panel, one employee at each end of the panel, a gust of wind blew the steel panel onto the employees' legs.  Employee #1 lost his balance and fell fr om the scaffold pick, a total fall height of 35 feet.  Employee #1 sustained mul tiple fractures and blunt force trauma and was killed by the fall.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:48 a.m. on December 21, 2018, an employee worked to lay out plywood formwo rk on vertical shoring. At some point, the employee unhooked from the fall prote ction system to adjust a joint on the formwork bearer. The employee fell approxi mately twelve feet and received a wrist fracture. The employee was taken to a lo cal hospital for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on September 22, 2017, Employee #1 was prepping the site to install wiring to a new power distribution box. The employee came in contact with the e lectrical power at the left pinky finger and left ankle. Employee #1 received a fatal electrical charge and was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on November 4, 2016, Employee #1 was inside one comp artment of a Beall cargo Tank, unit number 300.  He was pressure testing a void with the use of compressed air.  Due to over pressurization a baffle bulkhead bu rst and struck him and Employee #1 died.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 27, 2019, an employee fell from a scissors lift or stepped out onto a roof truss before falling.  The employee struck his head against the ground and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on July 14, 2016, an employee was working for a firm of plumbing, heating, and air conditioning contractors. He was disconnecting an air duct that led to an air handler. He was removing the screws from the duct work. There wer e no witnesses to what happened, but coworker found him unresponsive when the co worker returned to the scene of the incident. It was determined that the employe e had come into contact with a loose wire from another source. The wire was ener gized and the employee had been electrocuted. He had gone into cardiac arrest.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:10 p.m. on July 25, 2012, Employee #1 was fitting structural steel that would eventually be used to build a land based oil rig. A 120 volt ex tension cord, used to power the employee's grinder and fan, was lying across a welder's ground clamp. The ground clamp became hot and melted the insulation on the extension cord. The hot black conductor contacted the ground clamp and energ ized the equipment being welded and anything that was connected to the grounded piece of equipment. A flat bar was on the floor of the shop. The piece of equipm ent which employee was working on was electrically connected by the piece of fla t bar. The metal toolbox was conductive and electrified. Employee #1 went to get his toolbox and was electrocuted when he touched the electrified toolbox.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 10, 2022, an employee was hooking a pump up to the milk house when he noticed the belt motor was not running. The employee repositioned the belt and turned the pump motor on while his gloved hand was still next to th e belt. When the belt rotated, it caught the employees left index finger. The em ployee suffered a partial amputation of his left index finger down to the first knuckle and was treated without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:20 a.m. on September 24, 2017, Employee #1 was cleaning a walnut kernel bre aker when he noticed that only a few walnuts were coming out.  He reached into t he machine to try to remove a stone, but his left ring finger became caught in o ne of the rollers. The employee sustained an open fracture and displacement of h is left ring finger and was hospitalized for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on June 19, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in interior framing work - installing joist blocks - for a new resid ential structure.  He used an A-frame ladder to climb onto a makeshift single-pl ank scaffold.  Employee #1 lost balance, fell 5 feet, and struck the concrete fl oor.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured skull and fractured ribs.
caught_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 18, 2014, Employee #1 and a coworker were unloading ma terials from the back of a delivery truck. While the coworker was moving a palle t of paper from the back of the truck, Employee #1 maneuvered a hand truck towar ds the tricks lift gate. Employee #1's foot became caught between one of the h and trucks wheels and the lift gate extension plate, causing him to fall off th e edge of the lift gate.  He struck his head and face against the pavement that was approximately 39 inches below the lift gate, resulting in multiple fractures to his nose, eyes and head.  Employee #1 died 32 days later due to his injuries sustained.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was working at the construction site for a three-story multifamily residential build ing.  He was installing gas piping in the attic.  While attempting to extricate himself from a restricting area in the attic, Employee #1 made contact with an e nergized electrical circuit.  He was fatally electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 22, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete pumping company, was worki ng at a multiemployer construction project for a new building.  He was operating a concrete pumping truck when he made contact with a high voltage electric wire and was shocked.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transport ed to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for an electric shock.
struck_nonfatal	On January 17, 2018, an employee was cutting a metal fence railing that was unde r extreme tension.  The employee was hit in the face when the railing was releas ed and suffered a broken nose as well as a cracked skull.  The employee was hosp italized.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on July 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, and Coworker #1 were engaged in trenching work at a multiemployer pipeline const ruction project.  Employee #1 was using a packing machine to pack dirt.  Employe e #1 was struck by the tracks of a backhoe operated by Coworker #1.  The backhoe was operating in reverse, and Coworker #1 did not have a visual of Employee #1. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured right leg and foot.
caught_fatal	At 8:45 p.m. on May 5, 2021, an employee was operating an electric pallet jack i n a warehouse. While operating the pallet jack in front of the load, the employe e ran into a product storage rack crushing him between the pallet jack and the r ack. The employee suffered injuries to the head and face and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was working from an aerial lift, installing a communications cable. He contacted an overhead power line and was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on November 13, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as laying decking for the roof of a one-story residential structure.  He stepped on a piece of plywood that was not nailed down.  Employee #1 fell through the t russes to the concrete surface, a fall height of 16 feet, and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, wa s working at a multiemployer construction project, the renovation of a large apa rtment complex.  He was working from a scaffold and climbing down the scaffold's handrails from the third level to the second level of a five-story building whe n he fell and struck the concrete floor, a fall height of approximately 20 to 23 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured left tibia that required t hree surgeries to his foot and leg.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on November 22, 2019, an employee was delivering lime to a farm whe n the trailer made contact with overhead 7,200 volt powerlines and he was electr ocuted.
struck_fatal	At approximately 1:00 p.m. on June 3, 2015, Employee #1, a construction worker, was assembling counterweights on the rear of an outrigger of a single point susp ension scaffold system. Workers overloaded the counterweights and the outrigger beam began to fall backwards towards a concrete block wall. Employee #1 attempte d to stop the counterweights and outrigger from falling by placing his body betw een the falling counterweights and the block wall.  He attempted to push the cou nterweights, weighing 1,200 pounds, back up to their original location. Employee #1 was crushed and killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on April 18, 2016, an employee was tearing shingles from a roof whe n he fell 16 feet to the ground. He struck his head and died. The incident inves tigation revealed that the worker was not wearing fall protection.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on June 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as engaged in interior carpentry work, part of the renovation of a three-story c ommercial building.  He was carrying tools, including a hand drill.  As he adjus ted the chuck of the drill, his glove became caught in the drill's rotating part .  Employee #1's right index fingertip was amputated.  He was transported to the hospital, treated for the amputation, and discharged.
caught_fatal	At 7:00 p.m. on March 14, 2013, Employee #1 was cleaning the sand and sediment o ut of a vacuum truck agitator. The employee climbed into the back of the vacuum truck to break the sand and sediment loose when the agitator came on, pulled the employee in, striking him in the head and chest and killing him.
struck_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on December 18, 2019, an employee was air testing an atmospheric st eel storage tank and was monitoring the internal air pressure of the tank while two coworkers checked for air leaks.  The employee was struck by the deck when h is coworkers over-pressurized the tank and was killed from blunt force trauma in juries.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction genera l contractor, was  performing interior carpentry at a commercial building constr uction site.  He was using an Interchange pneumatic framing nail gun.  As he was moving a 6-foot stepladder, the nail gun slipped.  Employee #1 attempted to cat ch it.  The nail gun discharged a 3-inch nail that embedded into his right hand' s palm and wrist.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transport ed to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for hand and wrist injuries.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on June 21, 2022, an employee was helping with the excavation of ne w holes in the ground. The employee was struck in the head by the auger attached to the skid steer. He fell into a 10.5 foot excavation as a result and died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on January 8, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was operating a miter saw at a single family housing construction site.  An u nspecified part of his body came into contact with the saw blade.  Emergency ser vices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for an amputation.
fall_fatal	At 4:45 p.m. on May 28, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a property management com pany, was working on the roof of a two-story commercial building.  He was instal ling metal roofing material when a gust of wind knocked him off the roof.  He fe ll to the concrete parking lot, a fall height of 22 feet.  Employee #1 sustained a fractured skull and abdominal injuries.  He was killed by the fall.
fall_fatal	At approximately 16:12 p.m. on August 30, 2013, Employee#1 was working on the roof setting up the water hoses and pressure washer to wash down the side of the building walkway to the ground level. There were skylights within 6 ft of his work area. These skylights were not protected by physical barriers, a fall protection system or other equivalent means. While working, he stepped on and fell through one of the unprotected skylights. He fell approximately 25 ft and struck the ground. Employee #1 suffered blunt force injuries and was pronounced deceased at 16:38 p.m. by emergency medical personnel, who had arrived at the site of the incident.
caught_nonfatal	On December 3, 2011, Employee #1, of Airport Chevron and Towing, Incorporated, was towing a car to a customer's house. Due to the slope of the truck and driveway, Employee #1 had to lower the car from the truck bed onto a 2 by 4 board (to prevent contact between the front end of the car and the driveway). He lowered the front wheels of the car onto the 2 by 4 and put the car in park. He then moved the tow truck forward. Employee #1 walked over to the headlight on the corner of the passenger side of the car. He wanted to look under the car to see how much distance he needed to roll the car off the 2 by 4. Upon investigation, there was evidence that indicated the customer got inside of the car without Employee #1's knowledge and placed it out of park. The car rolled forward, pinning Employee #1 between the car and the back of the tow truck. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and treated for fractures of his left leg. There were no other employees present during this incident. The truck involved is a 21 ft long bed "International", VIN Number 1HTMMAAL82H552860.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 1, 2021, Employee #1, a laborer employed by a drywall c ontractor, was engaged in a drywall installation for a new building project.  He was using a circular saw to cut plywood when his glove was caught by the blade and his left hand was pulled into the blade.  His left index finger was amputate d and his left middle finger lacerated.  The employee was transported to the hos pital and admitted for treatment of his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on March 19, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a masonry company, was cutting a concrete cinderblock sidewalk at a commercial building.  He was operat ing a masonry saw when his thumb came into contact with the blade.  His thumb wa s amputated.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of the amputation.
fall_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on January 25, 2018, an employee was working for a framing contract or. He was conducting framing work for a single-story house under construction. He fell 5.2 meters (17 feet) to a ground-level concrete surface below and was ki lled.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:40 p.m. on October 8, 2018, an employee was working on the trim inside a tr olley car and was tearing down some scrap wood to be used as stirring sticks on a table saw.  The employee lacerated his index finger against the table saw blad e while the guard had been lifted and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:20 p.m. on April 28, 2011, Employee #1 was operating a Trebro HarveStack Tractor-Mounted Automatic Harvester, at a Riverside, CA sod farm that grew and sold turf to clients. A roll of sod from the conveyor landed improperly on two other rolls in the accumulator and caused a jam. Employee #1 then dismounted from the driver cab sitting position, without disengaging or deenergizing the hydraulic button for the harvester's stacker, to unjam the accumulator sod rolls stack. When Employee #1 repositioned the roll to align with the other two rolls on the accumulator, a sensor activated the stacker that picked up rolls on the accumulator and placed them on the wooden pallets. The steel prongs from the stacker then caught Employee #1's left hand and fingers, while he was trying to reposition the misplaced roll on the accumulator. Employee #1 was able to free himself from the steel prongs of the stacker, and he called two coworkers to assistance him with his injured hand. One of the coworkers then took Employee #1 to Antelope Valley Hospital, where he was hospitalized for four days. Employee #1 was diagnosed with two fractured fingers and severe lacerations to the forearm and left wrist. On April 29, 2011, the farm's safety manager reported the serious injury. The Employer was cited for two serious violations: Control of Hazardous Energy and Gears and Sprocket Guarding.
caught_fatal	At 3:30 a.m. on May 19, 2015, a worker was removing mud from the rollers of a be et harvesting machine when he fell into its digger carousel and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:31 a.m. on January 13, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s engaged in reroofing activity at a one-story commercial building.  He was remo ving old roofing layers down to the structural metal deck.  The metal deck, whic h was deteriorated and corroded away from the open web steel joist and beams, fa iled to hold the employee's weight.  The employee fell through the metal deck to the concrete surface, a fall height of 22.8 feet.  Employee #1 sustained skull fractures and blunt force traumatic brain injury and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 30, 2014, an employee was using a crane to hold a 1,5 30 lb plate in place while it was being welded to a heat exchanger unit. During welding, the bolt that was attached to the lifting lug and crane hook failed. Th e steel plate fell and struck the employee, killing him.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on October 22, 2020, Employee #1 was working on a construction pro ject for an existing water/sewage treatment plant.  As he moved a diamond plate cover, he lost his balance and fell into the sewage pit, a fall height of 15 fee t.  Employee #1 drowned.
struck_nonfatal	On April 26, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a road construction company, was eng aged in a road widening project.  He was operating a Caterpillar mini roller com pactor.  As he turned his head and attempted to back up the roller, his hand ina dvertently moved on the steering wheel, causing the roller to catch the soft edg e of the road.  The roller rolled over onto its side, and the employee's head wa s struck.  The employee lost consciousness.  He was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and released without hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	On August 6, 2003, an employee and three coworkers were working on a high power electrical structure. Two linemen were on the ground and two were on the high power electrical structure. The employee, an apprentice, and the coworker, a journeyman, had climbed the high power electrical line structure to insert a link in the three lines, phases A, B, and C. The lines had already been deenergized by Reliant Energy. Before the employee and the coworker could insert the links in the three lines the induction current had to be bled. They first checked the three lines for active voltage. The instrument used was set to detect electricity above 100 KV. The induction current wasn't detected but the linemen knew the induction current had to be bled before it was safe to work the three lines. The coworker hooked a jumper from the A phase line to ground. The induction current was bled. The coworker connected a jumper from B phase to ground. The induction current was bled. The coworker connected the jumper to C phase but connected the path to ground back to B-phase. The induction current was not bled down. The employee and the coworker were working from the C phase arm. They were working from a fiberglass ladder to insert the links. The fiberglass ladder was held in place with a chainfall. The chainfall was touching the C phase line. When the employee grabbed the chainfall and the electrical line structure to get on the fiberglass ladder, he became the path to ground. The employee stated that he was being shocked. The employee climbed back on C phase arm and collapsed where the coworker started Cardio pulmonary resuscitation. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At  7:15 a.m. on July 20, 2017, an employee was climbing a ladder and fell.  The employee suffered a fractured knee.
electrocution_nonfatal	On December 28, 2005, Employee #1 and two coworkers were installing a new 480-volt switchgear and removing the old 13,200-volt gear in a loft above the second floor in a shopping pavilion. Because their work involved power outages that might otherwise affect the businesses, they were working from 10:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. The coworkers were situated on the front side of the old switchgear; Employee #1 was assigned to go to the back side, crawl inside, and disconnect the ground wires. The ground wires were dead, but the unit was energized. To access the work area, Employee #1 stepped through a 15 in.wide area between the old and new switchgear units, and then had to step about 3 ft to reach his work area. Lying on his stomach inside the back of the old switchgear unit, he started to disconnect the grounds. As he was finishing the last one, some kind of contact was made that caused a large electrical flash that came toward him. As the fire reached Employee #1's face, he reacted by backing out of the switchgear and off the 1 ft wide ledge, falling 12 ft 10-1/2 in. to the second floor of the pavilion. As he fell, he tried unsuccessfully to grab the plastic curtain. Employee #1 struck the top of a metal table about 2 1/2 ft above the floor, bounced off it, and landed on the floor. Emergency Services was called and Employee #1 was transported to University Hospital. He suffered a shattered left kneecap, a fractured left shoulder, a fractured left big toe, an injured right wrist, and multiple contusions all over his body. The electrical flash had also caused a slight burn on his left cheek and over his left eye, and his eyebrows, mustache, and beard were singed. At the time of the accident, Employee #1 was not wearing a hard hat or any form of fall protection.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on November 14, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an el ectrical contractor, were working from a Manitex Personnel Basket, Model Number 6001232-002, Serial Number 262087, that was attached to a Manitex Boom Crane.  T he basket was side loaded with a Honda motor, which created an uneven load.  The employees were installing new electrical lines at a power substation.  The cowo rker later reported hearing a pop while the basket was stationary, and the baske t swung out from underneath the employees and fell.  The coworker, who was tied off to the crane boom, was left hanging.  Employee #1, who was wearing a harness that may or may not have been tied off, fell while inside the basket, a fall he ight of 125 feet.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic head injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	An electrical engineer for an electric utility was outside a substation, inspecting power lines. He contacted a pole guy on which a 7,900-volt (phase-to-ground) overhead power line was lying. The employee was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 29, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s engaged in roofing repair work at a three-story residence.  He was attempting to climb a ladder that was set up improperly, with the ladder's feet sitting on previously removed roofing debris and the ladder braced against a ladder pick. The ladder slipped on the debris, and the employee fell, first landing face down on the porch roof, then rolling off the porch roof and  falling into bushes.  T he employee, who fell a total of 22 feet and sustained a severe cervical spine i njury, was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 9, 2018, Employee #1, a Laborer, was removing hangers fro m a beam within a single family home remodel in San Diego, CA.  At the time of t he accident, Employee #1 setup an extension ladder to continue removing the hang ers.  While using a pry tool, he stood approximately four feet above the cement slab.  As Employee #1 leaned left to reach another hanger, the ladder slipped to the side.  As a result, Employee #1 then lost his balance, fell from the ladder , and landed on his back on top of a power strip on the ground beneath the ladde r.   Employee #1 was transported by Emergency Medical Service (EMS) to the hospi tal and suffered a fractured vertebrae.  Afterwards, he was then hospitalized fo r more than 24 hours.
fall_nonfatal	On April 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, was working at the site of a new three-story multifamily residential structure.  The employee was working on the roof and installing decking when he fell, a fall height of 32 feet.  The employee sustained blunt force traumatic injuries.  The employee was paralyzed and hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on November 1, 2021, an employee was delivering products to custome rs and had arrived overnight and was waiting at the dock. The customer arrived a nd knocked on the sleeper cab indicating he was ready to receive the load. The e mployee drove the truck and trailer forward approximately 15 feet so that the tr ailer doors could be opened. The customer was opening the passenger side door wh ile the driver was opening the driver's side door simultaneously. When the door opened, it swung out forcefully and struck the employee on the forehead. The emp loyee was knocked unconscious, fell backwards, and struck the back of his head o n the asphalt. Three boilers, each weighing 222 pounds each fell out of the trai ler but did not strike the employee. The  boilers had tipped in transit and were likely pressing up against the trailer door which caused the door to forcefully open. The customer called for emergency services and began first aid and CPR on the employee.  Emergency response personnel arrived and transported the employe e to a local area hospital, where he died one month later.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:36 a.m. on July 16, 2013, Employee #1, a carpenter performing volunteer work for Amazing Grace Ministries of the Keweenaw, Inc., was setting up scaffolding on a single family residence. As he installed guardrails, he came into contact with a 7,200-volt electric power line. He was electrocuted. He fell 22 feet from the scaffold platform to the ground.
electrocution_fatal	On January 5, 2005, Employee #1 was working at a residence in Los Angeles, CA. He had come to the house offering to do plumbing work and the homeowner asked him to investigate water leaks under the house to see what needed to be repaired. Employee #1 crawled under the house with a light at the end of an extension cord. The power on the extension cord tripped and Employee #1 asked the homeowner to relocate the plug. She did so and then heard Employee #1 scream. The homeowner called 911; paramedics arrived at the scene but were unsuccessful in their attempts to revive Employee #1, who had been electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on May 26, 2011, an employee was up righting a 55-gallon drum which was lying on its side. The drum was not completely full. A coworker was in a Cat forklift. The coworker placed the right fork of the forklift under the drum to raise it. The employee placed his hands on top of the drum ring and was attempting to lift it at the same time. As the fork was lifted the drum it slipped and sheared off the employee's right middle finger, ring finger and pinky finger between the top of the drum ring and the fork. The employee was taken to the S.C. Medical Care Center and then transferred to Western Hand Center for surgery. He was not hospitalized. The injury was caused by the employee placing his hand where a shear hazard existed.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on March 4, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an industrial constructi on company, was working at a building construction site.  He was at the bottom o f an excavation and using a handheld power saw to cut a 12-inch ductile pipe.  D uring the cutting process, the saw kicked back and struck the employee's face, b reaking multiple teeth.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hosp ital, where he was admitted and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On October 4, 2010, Employee #1, who had been employed for approximately 10 years as a seasonal truck driver for a farm harvesting contractor, was driving a manure spreader truck at a customer's farm field, located near Tulare, CA. Employee #1 was going to spread manure on the field. Because something was not right with the spreader drive, Employee #1 decided to lubricate the chain and sprocket drive on the truck. He had not deenergized the system before starting the job and opened the guard. The chain caught the fingers of Employee #1's right hand and pulled them into the drive system. Apparently, one or more of Employee #1's fingers were amputated. Employee #1 was taken to Kaweah Delta Hospital in Visalia, CA, and he was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 1, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a heating and coolin g company, was working at a multifamily residential building.  He was on the six th floor and working on a 250-pound, 40-foot long pipe that was being lowered fr om the 9th floor to the 6th floor.  Employee #1 was lining the pipe in preparati on, to be welded to another pipe.  The pipe slipped down approximately 5 to 6 fe et, rolling over Employee #1's hand. The employee's hand was crushed between the pipe and the concrete floor.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:55 a.m. on November 22, 2017, an employee was working from a ladder to rep lace roof tiles when he lost his balance and fell.  The employee sustained fract ures to his left ankle and right foot, as well as incurred a back injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on June 24, 2013, Employee #1, an electrical technician employed by an electrical contractor, was part of a work crew assigned to eliminate a power pole, because a road was being widened and the pole was in the middle of a sidewalk. The temperature was approximately 85 degrees with approximately 65 percent humidity. The crew had completed its Risk Management Worksheet meeting and had contacted the utility company about the utility disabling the enclosure on the substation breaker. The employer had grounded a truck and redirected all foot traffic near overhead lines. Employee #1 was wearing his protective helmet, harness and lanyard, safety glasses, FR2 long sleeve shirt with a 100 percent cotton t-shirt underneath a long-sleeve FR2 shirt, and long FR2 pants. He was wearing Class 3 insulated gloves that he tested on a daily basis and that had been factory tested for 30,000 volts on April 9, 2013, plus leather gloves over the insulated gloves. Employee #1 was approximately 45 feet high in an Altec AA-755-L Serial Number 1104-bz-3132 bucket that was last dielectrically tested on November 29, 2013. The bucket was on a 2004 Ford F750 material handling bucket truck Serial Number 3FRXF76P94V673315. Once Employee #1 was in position, he installed insulator sleeves and blankets to cover the energized line. He then put tension on the center phase by hooking the power line to the jib head of the material handling bucket, an action taken to relax the strain insulator so he could unhook the 13.6 KV power line from the strain insulator on the middle power line. Employee #1 had loosened the bolt from the strain insulator and put his tools back in his tool holder, but the power line would not come loose from the strain insulator. He was trying to get the power line loose when an arc flash occurred between the head of the material handling jib and the middle phase insulator extension link on the power pole. The arc flash crossed Employee #1. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported by ambulance to Lexington Medical Center. Later that evening he was moved to Augusta Burn Center. Employee #1 required treatment for first and second degree burns across the front of his body. The subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1 had been trained in maintaining proper clearance and insulating power lines while working on electrical lines.
caught_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on December 14, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a mun icipal sanitation department, were engaged in garbage collection duties.  The co worker was driving a sanitation truck, and Employee #1 was riding on the sanitat ion truck's rear step.  The sanitation truck struck a parked lawn maintenance tr uck, and Employee #1 was pinned between the two vehicles.  Employee #1 then fell to the ground, whereupon he was run over by the sanitation truck.  Employee #1 sustained traumatic crushing injuries and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	On December 22, 2011, Employee # 1 was working for Rainbow Waterproofing & Restoration Co. Employee # 2 was operating the drill with Employee # 1 holding the drill rod as it was rotating. Employee # 1's rubber glove got caught on drill rod, which resulted in torn ligaments and cut blood vessel in his right index and middle finger. Employee # 1 was transported to a hospital and admitted for surgery.
electrocution_fatal	On August 10, 2006, Employee #1 was using a truck-mounted auger to install a road sign. While Employee #1 was at the auger controls, the auger boom contacted overhead electrical distribution lines. Employee #1 received an electrical shock and was killed at the scene.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on December 7, 2017, an employee was cutting wood on a Craftsman t able saw to make a stool.  The employee struck his fingers on the saw blade when a piece of wood kicked back.  He partially amputated his index finger and lacer ated the four remaining ones.  Hospitalization was not required.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on September 20, 2012, Employee #1, a rigger, was operating the Proceco 2 wash machine. The employee was preparing an AC traction motor frame for the wash. The motor frame was located on the ground. The employee needed to lift the motor frame with the Proceco Jib crane into the washer. The motor frame was not properly positioned for the employee to be able to flip the motor frame into an upright position using the crane. Employee #1 lifted the motor off the pallet and back onto the ground. The employee was trying again to flip it. The employee's gloved finger was caught between the lifting hook and the motor frame. Employee #1 was taken by private vehicle to Sutter-Roseville Hospital, where he was treated for the partial amputation of his right ring finger. The employee was released after 24 hours.
caught_fatal	At 4:15 a.m. on May 28, 2013, an employee was directing a truck driver who was b acking up to a loading dock.  The truck struck the employee, pinning him against a loading dock.  The employee suffered fractured vertebrae and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:05 a.m. on November 20, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a fire protection s ystems company, was working on the second floor of a new school building being c onstructed.  He was standing on a 12-foot stepladder and repairing leaks on an o verhead fire protection line measuring 4 inches in diameter and purposely pressu rized at 50 psi to test for leaks.  As Employee #1 tightened a pipe coupling, th e coupling bolt failed.  Pressurized water burst from the pipe, struck Employee #1, and caused him to fall off the ladder.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for multiple rib fractures.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:59 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was delivering material to a cust omer and was standing the back of a tractor trailer.  The employee was unloading a 3 by 20 foot metal steel grate weighing about 1,600 lbs that was leaning agai nst the side wall of the trailer.  The employee was struck by the grate when it fell over and damaged his knee.  The employee was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on June 6, 2012, according to a video camera recordi ng with poor resolution, an employee was on top of a flatbed trailer load doing an unknown activity when other yard workers heard a loud noise and discovered th e employee on the ground with a large metal section on him. The employee was unl oading pieces of pile driving equipment from a flatbed trailer with an unloader. At some point the employee got out of the unloader and climbed onto the traile r to possibly work a cable that may have become snagged on something.  During th e process a 20 foot piece (leads), which had loose items such as cables, block, and a pocket loaded inside of it, rolled of the trailer throwing the employee of f the trailer and onto the ground.  Then the leads continued to flip 180 degrees and landed on the employee chest, killing him.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on February 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an air conditioning c ontractor, was troubleshooting an air conditioner.  He put his finger into the a ir conditioner's belt and pulley system.  His finger was amputated.  Emergency s ervices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was ad mitted and treated for the finger amputation.
electrocution_fatal	On August 14, 2012, Employee #1 and a coworker were erecting an aluminum pole. The Alum-A-Pole pump jack scaffold pole was 45 ft in length. They were to raise the pole into an upright position. Nearby, there was overhead power lines that was operating at 7,600 volts phase to ground. The power lines were approximately 35 ft above the ground and were located 10.83 ft from the east face of the house under construction. After the pole was raised, the employees began walking with it, when it contacted one of the power lines. Employee #1 and the coworker were electrocuted. Two exit burn marks were found on both of the employee's feet.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 27, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was using a handheld circular to cut baseboard trim at a multifamily residenti al structure.  The sawblade contacted and partially amputated his left thumb.  T he employee was hospitalized for treatment of the amputation.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on December 6, 2017, an employee placed a barrel into a hooper and was adjusting the barrel when he leaned into a lever that caused the machine to lower. The employee caught his finger between the barrel and the machine, amput ating his fingertip, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
fall_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on September 24, 2016, Employee #1 was struck by the body of a crane which pushed him through a guardrail.  Employee #1 suffered inte rnal injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:40 p.m. on October 4, 2012, Employee #1, of Ulland Brothers Inc., was working at a construction site in Wright, MN. He was standing near a ditch parallel to a county road, guiding a concrete culvert apron into place. The concrete culvert apron was being lowered by a Telescoping Boom Crane operated by Kraemer Construction Inc. The crane was approximately 8 feet from energized power lines carrying 7,200 volts of electricity. Although the crane never made direct contact with the power lines, electricity from the power lines jumped to the crane's load line and down to the concrete culvert apron. Employee #1's hands were placed on the concrete culvert apron as he guided it into place. He was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on August 1, 2017, an employee was driving a Ford F-150 pickup truc k when encountering unknown construction equipment blocking the road.  The emplo yee proceeded to drive in reverse at a high rate of speed with the driver's door open.  The truck backed up over a curb onto the sidewalk area and the employee was ejected from the vehicle.  The vehicle then ran the employee's leg over, bre aking it.  As the employee fell, his head fatally struck a building.
fall_fatal	At 12:40 p.m. on June 28, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction framing company, was engaged in a truss installation at a one-story residential structur e, a multiemployer construction project.  He stepped on the roof's peak, and it broke off.  Employee #1, who was not wearing fall protection, fell to the concre te surface, a fall height of 15 feet.  He sustained traumatic head injury and wa s killed.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on November 14, 2019, Employee #1 was installing interior walls, c eilings and doors inside a newly commercially constructed building.  Employee #1 was framing a wall on a ladder and accidentally fell from the third rung of the ladder and struck his head on the concrete landing below.  Employee #1 then sus tained fatal injuries and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on October 24, 2021, an employee was preparing to inspect the conve yor snubber roller when, while the conveyor was in operation, he removed a secti on of the belly pan and his hand was caught between the snubber roller and the b elt of the conveyor. The employee was hospitalized to treat an abrasion, a contu sion, and crushing injuries of his the left hand and arm.
caught_fatal	At 4:15 a.m. on January 24, 2018, an employee was working for a landscaping site preparation contractor. He was lifting a drilling rod from a horizontal boring machine retracting rod arm. The retracting arm was retracted before the employee could lift and remove the rod. The employee was caught between the rod and the boring machine. He sustained a crushing injury and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 22, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical servic es company, was working at a commercial building.  He was pulling wire at a spli ce box when he was shocked and his fingers were burned.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for third degree burns to his fingers.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on August 15, 2019, an employee worked from a bucket truck to move 7.2 Kv power lines up forty feet on a new utility pole. While working, the emplo yee's right hand contacted the live conductor and was amputated by the high volt age energy. The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:40 a.m. on December 13, 2007, Employee #1 was installing aluminum around newly-placed windows on the second floor of a building undergoing renovations. A coworker on the first floor was cutting the aluminum to the required size and another coworker was bringing the pieces up to Employee #1. He was inside of the building but would lean out the window to install the aluminum. Employee #1 was apparently moving a 6 ft long piece of aluminum out a window when he leaned against the wall below the sill. The aluminum piece contacted an energized 12-kilovolt primary overhead power line, electrocuting him. Emergency Services was contacted and Employee #1 was transported to John Stroger Hospital in Chicago, where he was pronounced dead.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 1, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were working at a mult iemployer construction project, a three-story multifamily residential building. Employee #1 was serving as a helper for his coworker, who was installing roof t russ bracing.  Employee #1 fell off the edge of the unguarded third floor stairw ell, a fall height of 20 feet.  His skull was fractured in the fall, and he was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on May 10, 2019, Employee #1 and #2, both framers, were installing trusses for the roof of a new one-story building while standing on a scissor li ft.  Both employees were wearing body harnesses and were tied off to the scissor lift.  The employees were about to finish for the day.  A wind gust knocked dow n one of the installed trusses and created a domino effect, knocking down anothe r ten trusses.  The last truss struck the scissor lift, causing the lift to tip over.  The employees and lift fell onto the concrete floor from a height of 16 f eet.  Employee #1 sustained multiple fractures of the shoulder and was admitted to the hospital for treatment.  Employee #2 sustained a sprained left ankle that was treated but did not require hospitalization.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:37 p.m. on September 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction com pany, was engaged in maintenance work at a three-story single-family residence. He was using a 24-foot extension ladder to install a drainage standpipe on the side of the house.  The ladder had been set on an inclined concrete sidewalk.  E mployee #1 fell from the ladder, a fall height of 13 feet 10 inches.  Emergency services were called, and he was transported to the hospital, admitted, and trea ted for multiple fractures to his rib/chest area and lacerations to his hands an d shoulder.
fall_fatal	At 6:45 p.m. on February 12, 2017, an employee, a 38 year old, male painter, was painting the ceiling of an existing commercial building, and then fell 11.5 foo t high mobile frame scaffold to the ground.  As a result, the employee sustained multiple injuries and then died, on February 13, 2017.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on May 23, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a dairy fa rm, were engaged in construction work at a building on the farm.  Employee #1 wa s holding onto a large steel truss.  His coworker was operating a telehandler/fo rk truck to move the truss.  The steel truss came into contact with an overhead power line transmitting 4,000 volts of electricity, and Employee #1 was electroc uted.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was installing vinyl siding on a garage. While he was working, he moved a 12.2-meter-long aluminum ladder. He had lifted the ladder off the roof and into a vertical position. He lost control of the ladder, and it tipped backward into a 19.92-kilovolt overhead power line located 9.1 meters above the ground. The employee was electrocuted. A coworker tried to pull the employee to safety. However, he received an electric shock and moved away. The coworker was transported to a hospital, where he was examined and released.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on April 19, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, was engaged in rehabilitation work at a commercial building.  He was working fro m a JLG 2632ES scissor lift and installing 24 feet by 2 inches wood rafters.  Th e employee fell, a fall height of 15 feet.  He was transported to the hospital a nd admitted for treatment of a head injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 15, 2018, an employee was assisting his coworker with hoo king a shackle to a bulldozer and jumped onto the machine.  The employee pushed on the shackle and it slipped out from his hand, hitting him in the head.  The e mployee was admitted to the hospital for overnight observation.  No further inju ry was recorded by the initial report.
fall_fatal	At 5:45 p.m. on April 3, 2015, an employee fell into an open ventilation shaft w ithout a cover and dropped 30 feet to the concrete floor and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:40 p.m. on June 14, 2019, an employee, a truck driver, was working on the s ide of a road near a kale field ensuring that the load of product boxes was secu red and ready to transport on his truck and trailer. The employee was getting re ady to take his last load for the day when he noticed that a v-board was broken and out of place and he climbed up approximately 10 feet from the ground to try to fix the problem. The employee fell and landed on compact dirt and was hospita lized with injuries to his back and spinal cord.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 24, 2017, an employee was pulling boxes of product from the back of a rack and removed his fall protection.  The employee lost his footi ng and fell approximately 12 feet, striking the rack with his head during his fa ll.  The employee suffered head injuries and was in a coma when brought to the h ospital.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 17, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction contr actor, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new one-story comm ercial building.  He was on the roof and installing roof trusses along the north side wall when the trusses and the wall collapsed.  The employee fell, sustaini ng injuries from the fall and from being struck by the collapsing building mater ials.  Employee #1 was killed.  He was subsequently determined to have sustained crushed lungs, a fractured neck, and a fractured skull with brain hemorrhage.
caught_nonfatal	On June 24, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construction company, was cleaning/washing out the hopper of a concrete pump.  The employee opened the cle an-out door at the bottom of the hopper, crawled underneath the hopper, and plac ed his hand into the hopper.  He was attempting to remove some concrete from one of the concrete pump tubes.  The concrete pump engine was running at the time, and when the employee placed his hand into the machine, the machine cycled, and the mixer blades amputated three of his right hand fingers.  The employee was ho spitalized for treatment of amputation of his pinky and ring fingers and partial amputation of his middle finger.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 22, 2017, a 60 year old plumber/owner was working alone. The plumber was operating a 1998 Ford E350 box truck and presumably exited the truck to open or close a gate that led to a yard facility where vehicles and equ ipment were stored. Law enforcement officials believe that the truck's gear was either in drive or that the vehicle shifted into drive causing the plumber to be struck by the truck. The plumber sustained injuries and died.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on May 30, 2018, Employee #1 was working at a construction job site .  As he closed a rolling cyclone gate, his right hand ring finger became caught between the gate's frame and latch.  The finger was partially amputated.  Emplo yee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he received treatment.  He did not require hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on February 19, 2014, an employee was operating a dump truck. Whil e lifting the dump body of the truck, it contacted an overhead power line. The e mployee was killed due to electrocution and burns.
struck_fatal	On March 21, 2014, Employee #1, employed by the Olney Masonry Corporation, was performing traffic control at a road paving worksite. He was operating a slow/stop sign when he was struck from behind by an automobile. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to a Shock Trauma medical center, where he was admitted and treated for a skull fracture, a right leg fracture, and facial injuries. This event was investigated by Maryland OSHA, which received a report from the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner that Employee #1 died from his injuries on March 30, 2014. Maryland OSHA's investigation report included a statement given by the automobile driver to on-scene personnel that she was tired and had fallen asleep at the wheel when she struck Employee #1. The investigation determined that Employee #1 was a registered flagger. The work site was examined on March 22, 2014, and again on March 24, 2014. On March 22, barrels had been set up around the traffic calming hole in the street for overnight/weekend purposes. The site foreman and the Baltimore County Engineering Program Manager, Bureau of Traffic Engineering and Transportation Planning, stated that the site looked the same on March 22 and March 24. According to the Baltimore County Engineering Program Manager, barrels and work road signs were posted at appropriate distances, satisfying the requirements of the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD).
caught_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 23, 2018, an employee was guiding industrial brooms on to a trailer when he became caught between two machines.  The employee's chest a nd lower abdomen were crushed, resulting in his death.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 3, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a petr oleum products company, were working at an above-ground storage tank.  Employee #1 was on top of the tank and handling a turbine that was being lifted out of th e tank.  Coworker #1 was operating a ground-level boom being used in the lifting operation.  The strap from the boom broke, and the turbine swung and struck Emp loyee #1.  Employee #1 was knocked to the tarmac, a fall height of approximately 13 feet.  Coworker #1 called for emergency services, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for numerous fractures, incl uding his shoulder blade, collarbone, and 10 fractured ribs, and a dislocated an kle.
struck_fatal	At 8:15 p.m. on December 6, 2016, a contracted driver was attempting to attach a trailer tandem to the trailer attached to his cab.  As the contracted driver ba cked into the tandem trailer, the tandem trailer pushed into an empty trailer bo dy that was parked perpendicular.  The empty trailer moved, and crushed another driver, Employee #1, between two trailer bodies.  Employee #1 was crushed and ki lled.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:30 p.m. on June 25, 2019, an employee used a lift (JLG 6009, serial #03001 71231) to remove garbage from a roof. While the load descended, the employee pla ced their hand around the control guarding to look out for obstructions. At some point, a metal beam caught the control guarding and the employee received amput ation injuries to their left hand index, middle and ring fingers. The employee w as taken to the hospital and admitted for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a lighting services c ompany, was working at a multiemployer construction project.  He was preparing t o operate a hydraulic rammer.  Employee #1 wrapped the starter rope around his f ingers.  The rope pulled into the rammer, and four of Employee #1's fingers were amputated.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on June 2, 2018, an employee was moving a hose for a pump that was located alongside an open excavation.  The employee slipped on muddy soil and f ell into the excavation, fracturing several ribs.
electrocution_fatal	On February 13, 2006, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were repairing a two-story apartment building that was used as adult day care center. Employee #1 and Employee #2 were on an extended ladder that was approximately 20-ft long, hauling up metal pipe for pumping asphalt to the roof. As they were maneuvering the metal pipe, it came into contact with a high voltage line that was above the building. Both Employee #1 and Employee #2 were electrocuted, causing Employee #1 to fall to a concrete sidewalk. Employee #2 was able to hold on to the roof until emergency services arrived. Both Employee #1 and Employee #2 were transported to the hospital. At the hospital, Employee #1 was pronounced dead and Employee #2 was hospitalized and treated for his injury.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:45 a.m. on February 1, 2013, Employee #1 was operating a pay loader from outside the machine instead of in the operators seat.  He was placi ng sand in a hopper when he was caught between the payloaders arm and the body o f the machine.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 21, 2020, Employee #1, a laborer employed by a construct ion company, was engaged in exterior carpentry work at a multifamily residential development.  He was using an extension ladder to access the top of a carport t o retrieve materials (door flashing) needed for the day's work.  As Employee #1 transferred from the ladder to the carport's roof, the ladder slipped out from u nder him, causing him to fall and strike the pavement, a fall height of 8 feet 7 inches.  The employee was hospitalized for treatment of a spinal injury and a f ractured right elbow.  The investigation determined that, prior to use, the exte nsion ladder had been pulled apart, and only one part of the ladder was being us ed.  This extension ladder was never tagged or withdrawn from service for repair or destruction.  The ladder had proper footing in place.  The employee, who had been employed by this employer for two weeks, had not been provided training in the safe use of a ladder.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was working from the bucket of an aerial lift and repairing an overhead power line switch.  His left arm's sweat-soaked shirtsleeve touched an energize d jumper and his right shirtsleeve touched the switch bracket.  Electrical energ y flowed through his body, and Employee #1 was shocked and burned.  Emergency se rvices transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treat ed.  His injuries included first degree burns to his arms and face, and second d egree burns to his torso.
caught_nonfatal	On January 13, 2010, Employee #1 was lubricating a sprocket on a Universal Industries rerun elevator. While the elevator was still in operation, Employee #1 used a rag to apply the lubrication to the elevator's sprocket. The rag became entangled in the moving sprocket, pulling Employee #1's right hand into the moving parts. Employee #1 was taken to a local hospital, where he was hospitalized and treated for a fractured right hand.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:15 p.m. on July 21, 2017, an employee was working for a manufacturer of pla stic pipes and pipe fittings. He had just arrived at a field to deliver irrigati on pipes. The pipes were made of polyvinyl chloride (PVC), and they were 305 mil limeters (12 inches) in diameter and 6.1 meters (20 feet) long. He repositioned his truck, trailers, and load, so that the pipes could be offloaded with the use of a forklift. After he repositioned his truck, he noticed that the top pipes, which were not secured by straps as they were being offloaded, had shifted. He a ttempted to use a wrench bar to reposition the displaced pipes. As he did, the p ipes fell off the truck. The employee, who was positioned between the stacks of pipe and back edge of the trailer, jumped or fell off the trailer. He was 1.2 me ters (4 feet) up. He broke his left tibia when he landed. He was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on September 22, 2017, Employee #1 was prepping the site to install wiring to a new power distribution box. The employee came in contact with the e lectrical power at the left pinky finger and left ankle. Employee #1 received a fatal electrical charge and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a telecommunications comp any, was working along a major city street.  He was using a shovel to dig along the street when the shovel came into contact with an energized wire.  An arc fla sh occurred, and Employee #1 sustained burns to his arms and face.  Emergency se rvices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was adm itted, and his burns were treated.  The subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1's shovel had made contact with a 7 kilovolt energized underground p ower line.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 1, 2017, an employee was building permanent guard rail s onto a concrete slab and stepped onto a plywood deck.  The employee fell throu gh that section because the framework had been stripped by a work crew earlier i n the morning.  The employee fell 22 feet and was killed when the employee hit h is head on the concrete.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on July 22, 2019, an employee tapped on concrete form panels to aid in settling the concrete. At some point, a concrete form panel fell over, struc k the employee, and pinned them to the excavation wall. The employee was hospita lized to treat unspecified fractures and contusions.
electrocution_nonfatal	Three employees of a sub-contractor were working on reinsulating the #4 generator. It was placed out of service when a technician, out of the testing group from the host contractor, placed a 10,000-volt charge through the generator system before the sub-contractors employees could exit out as instructed by the employer, electrocuting the three employees. The three employees were treated and released from the hospital on the same day. The generator had been locked out and tagged out by all of the employees working on it and the two employees from the testing group were not signees on the lock-out tagout procedures implemented.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:20 a.m. on December 19, 2018, Employee #1 was observing on street level, a s a coworker pressurized a 2-inch-diameter water line in a vault that connected to a fire service line feeding a hospital. The disconnect couple of the line cam e loose, shot up out of the vault, and struck the employee on the jaw.  He susta ined fractures to both his left and right jawbones, and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 8:15 a.m. on August 6, 2020, Employee #1 and coworkers, a crew employed by a structural steel construction company, were working at a multi-employer construc tion project, a four-story commercial building.  Employee #1 was directing the c rew while they set up a jib crane.  A storm with lightning was approaching, so t hree blasts on an alert horn alerted the employees to shut everything down, get off the building, and take cover.  Employee #1 approached the crane operator to alert him.  An oiler was working at the top of the crane boom to set up the jib. Someone yelled up to the oiler to tell him not to pull the pin.  Apparently th e oiler misheard and thought he was being instructed to pull the pin, which he p roceeded to do.  The jib, weighing 6,600 pounds, fell and struck Employee #1.  E mployee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on February 17, 2021, an employee worked on a roof taking measureme nts. At some point, the employee lost his footing, fell approximately twenty-two feet, and was killed by multiple internal injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:40 a.m. on April 7, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in roofing work at a two-story commercial building.  He fell from th e roof, a fall height of 20 to 25 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Emp loyee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for unspecified injuries.
struck_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on August 5, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a road c onstruction company, were working on a road project.  As Employee #1 walked in t he middle of the street to access a piece of equipment, the coworker, who was op erating a CAT 259D skid loader and backing up while dragging rocks from a pile a t the north end of the street, ran over Employee #1.  Employee #1 sustained crus hing injuries and was killed.  Investigation determined that the required back-u p alarm was not working.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 14, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was w orking on the construction of a two-story residential structure.  He was perform ing roof sheeting activities from a scaffold when he fell, a fall height of appr oximately 20 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of injuries that included multiple fracture d ribs and injuries to his shoulder and wrist.
electrocution_fatal	On August 27, 2004, Employee #1 was performing his regular work duties when he contacted an underground power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on January 12, 2015, Employee #1 was performing exterior carpentry as part of a multifamily residential building construction project.  His employe r was a subcontractor on this multiemployer project.  Employee #1 was working fr om a 12-foot pick board of a scaffold as he installed rafters for a breezeway. He lost his balance and fell backwards off the scaffold to a cement slab on the ground below, a fall height of approximately 9 feet.  Emergency services were ca lled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and trea ted for a broken jaw and lacerations to the liver.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on August 25, 2016, Employee #1 was struck in his hea d by a rigging spring from a Landoll 1550 series in row ripper.  Employee #1 was killed by the impact.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:41 a.m. on July 6, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an undergr ound construction company, were cleaning and attempting to unclog the water line s of a pressure washer, Hydrotek SC 30005D, Max. 3000 PSI, 4.3 GPM, Nozzle -4.5, 14 HP Diesel Kubota Engine.  Employee #1 cleared the lines by running compresse d air through them.  He then turned the washer's motor on.  As he attempted to r einstall the hose, the hose slipped.  Employee #1's left ring finger became caug ht in the belt and pulley.  The ring finger was amputated, and the middle finger was lacerated.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he received treatment for the amputation and laceration injuries.  He was released without h ospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on March 28, 2017, an employee was cutting a piece of dura block ru bber with a chop saw.  The employee was removing a piece from the saw blade and accidentally turned the saw on.  The employee caught their finger with the blade and lacerated it.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 23, 2013, Employee #1, a utility line contractor, was assigned to get hardware needed to install the new conductors being pulled through the new power poles. While the employee was at the truck getting the parts, one of the spliced conducts broke on the pole and the pole started to fall to the ground. The employee heard the snap and saw the line starting to fall and was heading away. Employee #1 jumped under the truck to prevent contact with the conductor. The conductor fell on the truck and energized the truck. The employee's back and leg was touching the frame and was shocked. Employee #1 was taken to Fresno Community Hospital, where he was treated for burns to his back and left knee. Employee #1 remained hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 20, 2018, an employee was unloading and moving materia ls onto a jobsite. At some point, two, six hundred pound wall panels fell over o nto the employee and caught the employee's foot between the panels and the groun d. The employee fractured both the foot and ankle.
caught_nonfatal	On July 1, 2010, Employee #1 was emptying a 3-gallon bucket of concrete into a dumpster. The bucket slipped, pinching his left hand between the bucket and the dumpster. Employee #1's third finger on his left hand was amputated at the first knuckle, and he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On August 19, 2009, Employee #1 was replacing a ballast for a 400 watt mercury light bulb. He was working on an aluminum ladder, at the height over 25 ft from the ground. The power supply line was energized, and the circuit breaker for the lighting fixture was tripped. Employee #1 fell off the ladder, twitching one of his legs in the air. An ambulance was summoned to the site, and Employee #1 was taken to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:55 a.m. on January 23, 2017, an employee was climbing a ladder when it beca me unstable and the employee fell off, fracturing their vertebra and ribs.  The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 18, 2008, Employee #1 was engaged in plastering operation on the fourth level of a metal scaffold platform on the south and west corner. The scaffold was erected by the Family L Plastering within 6 ft of an energized 4800-volt overhead power line. Employee #1's hard hat probably touched the wire since he had feeling that something was grabbing him. Therefore, he tried to get away, by swinging his hand and accidentally made contact with the energized 4800-volt overhead high-voltage conductors. Employee #1 sustained second and third-degree burns to his posterior torso, left upper arm, hand, and thigh. After the accident, paramedics were called and Employee #1 was transported to University of California, Los Angeles, Medical Center, and later transferred to the Burn Center at Sherman Oaks Hospital. Employee #1 required a surgery and was hospitalized for twelve days.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 12, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an underground utility c ontractor, was engaged in trenching and pipeline installation at a worksite.  He was operating a Kubota skid steer loader with forks to pick up pipes.  Employee #1 stood on top of the skid, and his left foot became caught between the skid f orks' upper bracket and the skid step.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a crus hed foot.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 10, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in renovation work at a two-story residential structure.  He was wo rking from a flat roof and sanding the adjacent exterior wall in preparation for repainting the wall.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 15.5 feet, and struck his head on the concrete surface, resulting in a laceration of at least three in ches and severe bleeding.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:44 p.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was attempting to work on a light switch electrical box that was blocked by twenty sheets of four foot by twelve foot drywall. The employee started to move the sheets of drywall to access the l ight switch electrical box when the sheets fell onto the employee and fractured his leg.
struck_fatal	At 10:00 p.m. on November 21, 2016, an owner and an employee were changing the w heel studs on a trailer.  When they were unable to unscrew the studs manually, t hey used a cutting torch to remove the studs.  Sparks from the cutting torch ign ited some oil and oil absorbent on the floor and started a small fire.  The owne r tried to put the fire out using a fire extinguisher, but was unable to do so. The owner decided to move the truck and trailer forward to better access the fir e.  The employee somehow became trapped underneath the truck and his head was st ruck by the rear brake booster as the truck passed over his body.  The employee was killed from blunt force trauma to the head
struck_fatal	At 4:45 p.m. on July 18, 2017, an employee was walking away from the area where a loader was being used to pull a vacuum truck from a ditch on the side of the r oad using a hook and a sling.  The employee was struck by the hook when it broke off during the move.  The employee was struck in the abdomen area on his right side and suffered damage to multiple internal organs.  The employee was hospital ized for 30 days until succumbing to his injuries and died.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10.45 a.m. on June 28, 2011, Employee #1 was working on a utility pole checking for a malfunction that caused a power outage. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 23, 2019, an employee was guiding a truck into a garage whe n he stuck his head between the truck and the building to see the driver in his mirror. The employee's  head was caught and pinned between the building and the truck. The employee incurred a skull fracture and was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At approximately 4:15 p.m. on March 22, 2016, an employee was securing the crane . The crane rolled and crushed the employee. The employee was caught between two cranes and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:50 p.m. on March 16, 2013, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, of Stoneplus, Inc., were working at a residence, assigned to repair a wall that had water damage. Employee #1, a carpenter/stoneworker, was operating a Skil Saw powered circular saw to trim a piece of lumber. The lumber, measuring 2 inches thick by 4 inches wide by 2 feet long, was too thick. Employee #1 attempted to reduce the thickness with the saw. He held the lumber with his left hand and tried to grind or score the 4-inch surface to plane it down. The saw kicked back and cut the palm of his left hand. The homeowner called emergency services. The San Francisco Fire Department responded and transported Employee #1 by ambulance to the California Pacific Medical Center in San Francisco. He was admitted and treated for lacerated nerves, blood vessels, and tendons of the left hand. He required hospitalization for six days. Cal/OSHA received a report from the San Francisco Fire Department on March 16, 2013. The employer reported to Cal/OSHA four days later, apparently not knowing the reporting requirement. Cal/OSHA conducted an investigation on March 22, 2013 at the worksite. The investigation included interviews with Employee #1 and Coworker #1. The investigation determined that the employer installs countertops and performs other stone related work for residential homes. On the day the injury occurred, no foreman was present at the work site. Employee #1 was functioning as lead worker. He had approximately 20 years of experience in woodwork and stonework, the last 10 working for Stoneplus, Inc. Cal/OSHA cited the employer a general violation of 1509(a) for not having an Injury and Illness Prevention Program. The Program requirement includes a requirement for the employer to provide and document training for employees. The employer had no documentation of Employee #1's training. In addition, the use of the powered circular saw was not appropriate for reducing the thickness of the wood board. The employer was also cited for not notifying Cal/OSHA immediately of the work-related injury. The investigator observed other violations, and the employer was cited accordingly.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on March 15, 2017, an employee was replacing light fi xtures. He made contact with live wire. The electricity shocked the employee and he fell off of the ladder, injuring his shoulder. The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on April 11, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, w as performing maintenance and cleaning on a metal fabricating machine.  The mach ine was operating, and its moving rollers were unguarded.  The employee's left h and was pulled into the machine's rollers, and the pinky finger was amputated. The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatmen t of the finger amputation.
electrocution_fatal	An employer was using an area under a 7.2-kilovolt overhead power line for storage and staging of material. Employees set up a crane under the power line to move some of the stored material. As the crane hoisted a load of material and swung it to the side, the crane boom or load line contacted the power line, electrocuting a laborer who was performing rigging and signaling for the crane.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on September 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construc tion company, was working with a Transcrete P80 Concrete Pump to pour concrete f or 16-inch by 16-inch by 12-foot tall columns.  Needing to clean out the hopper, he removed the grill and started chipping away at the concrete mix with a hamme r.  An S-tube activated and pinned his left hand against the inner wall of the h opper.  Employee #1's entire left hand was amputated.  The employee was transpor ted by emergency services to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment o f the hand amputation.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on June 3, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a construc tion company, were engaged in framing operations for a three-story residential s tructure.  Work materials were being passed through a floor hole on the third le vel, and the floor hole then was left uncovered.  Employee #1 stepped into the o pen floor hole and fell approximately 30 feet, striking the basement's concrete floor.  Employee #1 sustained injuries that included a broken arm.  He was trans ported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of his injuries.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 5, 2017, an employee was walking down the slope of a roof, when he lost his footing and took a tumble that resulted in him falling through a weak spot in the roof. The employee fell approximately 20 feet, striking a con crete floor below and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 24, 2017, an employee was working in an outside area of a sawmill facility where trailers are loaded and unloaded, assisting with the un loading of a curtain side trailer. As the employee was standing on a concrete su rface, positioned midway along the left side of the curtain side trailer, he gra sped a vertical column with two hands and attempted to lift it out of its socket . The vertical column, which was still under load by the curtain cover assembly, collapsed and struck the employee on the left side of his face. The force of th e blow knocked the employee to the ground, fracturing his right hip. The employe e was taken to a nearby urgent care facility, where he underwent surgery.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 4:45 a.m. on September 25, 2009, an employee was sanitizing a two horsepower centrifugal pump. As the pump was operating, the employee disconnected the 2 inch diameter stainless steel inlet coupling from the supply pipeline. The coupling was about a half inch away from the impeller. As the inside rubber gasket of the coupling became drawn into the pump cavity, the employee attempted to retrieve it with his right thumb. His thumb tip became engaged with the pump impellers and was amputated. The employee was taken to RK Davies in San Francisco for further treatment. The employee was hospitalized and treated for thumb amputation.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on December 6, 2021, an employee was using a probe tool to bleed st atic electricity from the elbows on the primary side of a transformer in order t o disconnect it. The transformer would then be lifted and set aside so that the pad could be repaired and then it would be set back into place and reconnected. The employee was only using one glove to hold the tool as he believed that all o f the cables had been de-energized. The cables were not tested or grounded. When the employee made contact with the primary voltage with the tool, his exposed l eft hand received an electrical shock that exited his left knee which was contac ting the transformer cabinet. The employee was hospitalized to treat an electric al shock and electrical burns to his left hand and left knee.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:05 p.m. on February 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a building construction site.  He was guiding a 10-foot steel plate being moved by a crane.  Employee #1 was struck by the steel plate, and hi s leg was caught between the plate and the ground.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for a crushed leg.
electrocution_fatal	On August 5, 2008, Employee #1 was working with a crew that was replacing a power pole. The pole had been set and materials were being placed on crossarms in preparation for transferring power to the new pole. A coworker was in the bucket, working on the transformer. Employee #1 was instructed to hook up the ground wire to a rod in the ground next to the pole. The coworkers did not see what happened, but they heard Employee #1 scream or groan. A coworker ran to grab Employee #1 but realized he was being electrocuted. The coworker used a fiberglass hot stick to get the energized grounding wire off of Employee #1. The coworker in the bucket was told to kill the power to the transformer. Coworkers performed CPR. EMS arrived and Employee #1 was later pronounced dead.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on April 1, 2019, an employee worked on the upper level of an older condominium. At some point, the concrete slab the employee stood on collapsed a nd the employee fell. The slab then landed on top of the employee who received a fractured femur. The employee was taken to a local hospital for surgery to trea t the injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 31, 2022, an employee was attempting to install a circui t breaker to a main circuit breaker panel when an electrical arc flash occurred. The employee incurred burns to his right hand requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on July 9, 2020, an employee was working for a gutter cleaning serv ice. He was at a residence, setting up a 9.8-meter (32-foot) Werner aluminum ext ension ladder. He was working near an overhead power line. The phase conductors were approximately 6.9 meters (22.5 feet) above the ground. They were energized at a distribution voltage of 7.2kV phase-to-ground or 12.5kV phase-to-phase. As the employee raised the upper section of the ladder, it came into contact with o ne or more phase conductors. There was a path for current to take, possibly from the employee's left arm, which was in contact with the ladder, through the empl oyee's body, and exiting from his foot. He was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	On September 4, 2018, an employee was using a portable 3/4 inch Milwaukee Electr omagnetic Drill Press, Cat. No. 4262-1 with a missing E-stop/off button to drill several holes in 1.5 inch angle iron.  The employee slid the angle iron toward the rotating bit to drill another hole and his gloved left hand's index finger w as entangled in drill bit.  The employee lacerated and dislocated his finger, su stained tendon damage, and lost his fingernail.  Hospitalization was not require d.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 16, 2019, an employee stood on a ladder to paint a post. At some point, the employee fell approximately eight feet and was hospitalized t o treat a lumbar vertebra fracture and a spinal cord injury.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 a.m. on January 19, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, w as working at a refinery.  He was removing a blind flange in preparation for ins talling 2-inch piping to a 2-inch line in the MHF Alkylation unit.  When the fla nge was unbolted, Modified Hydrofluoric Acid under pressure was released, projec ting outward and striking the employee's face.  Sensor alarms went off, and emer gency services responded.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where h e was treated for acid exposure injuries to his face, eyes, and airway/respirato ry tract.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 27, 2014, Employee #1 was operating a crane, connecting the crane cable to roof trusses that were located on the ground. The crane cable came in contact with an overhead high voltage power line and Employee #1 was el ectrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:43 a.m. on October 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a crane services comp any, was engaged in roofing work on the roof of a one-story commercial building. He was handling an electric power cord when he tripped over the cord and fell off the roof.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a vertebral fracture.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on December 21, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a gu tters company, were installing snow stops along the roof of a residence.  Employ ee #1 was using a Warner 24-foot aluminum extension ladder that was extended to approximately 18 feet.  As he maneuvered the ladder from one side of the roof to the other side, the ladder came into contact with low-hanging, energized power lines.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.  The coworker, while waiting for emergency services to arrive, attempted CPR.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was declared dead.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 23, 2018, Employee #1 was performing repairs on a dome st yle, membrane roof. Employee #1 then slipped, lost his balance and fell from the elevated roof level and afterwards suffered a broken leg when striking the grou nd level.  Employee #1 was then hospitalized following the incident.
caught_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on May 23, 2018, an employee was inspecting overhead beams using a scissor lift. The employee was traveling in the scissors lift to next concrete overhead beam for inspection. The employee's neck was crushed between the scisso r lift guardrail and concrete beam as the scissor lift traveled under the concre te beam. The employee died.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on May 12, 2021, an employee worked to fell a red oak tree. At some point, a five-inch diameter branch sheared off and fell approximately thirty-fi ve feet onto the employee's head. The employee received a crush injury to the sk ull and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 24, 2021, Employees 1 and 2 prepared to begin work in a n excavation. At some point, a coworker, operating a dump truck, backed over the employees, knocked them into the excavation, and were killed by unspecified inj uries. Vehicle operator was later admitted to the hospital for mental health eva luation.
electrocution_fatal	On December 10, 2002, Employee #1 and two coworkers were carrying an aluminum extension ladder, extended approximately 35 ft 3 in. and in the upright position, laterally between a building and overhead electric lines. The clearance between the top corner of the building and the overhead lines was 7 ft 10 in. The three workers were moving the ladder to the left when it contacted the power lines, which were rated at 7,600-volt AC phase-to-ground and 13,200-volt AC phase-to-phase. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on August 28, 2015, an employee was feeding a hose over the edge of a fourth floor picture window opening. The employee slipped on trash that was p iled up, due to poor housekeeping, near the opening and broke through a guardrai l. The employee fell 39 feet and was killed. He struck his head on the ground af ter the fall.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on August 8, 2017, an employee was climbing a step ladder to work on a light when he bumped his head. The employee was on a blood thinner which al lowed the bump on his head to allow his brain to bleed, causing his left side to go numb.
caught_nonfatal	On October 5, 2018, an employee was using an electrical pallet jack to load pall etized equipment onto the rear of a trailer. A conveyor system was in close prox imity to the trailer that dispensed the boxed materials, which the employee had to turn the pallet jack with minimal clearance when backing up from the trailer to avoid contact. As the employee was backing out of the trailer, his left leg b ecame pinched between the pallet jack and the conveyor system. The employee incu red unspecified injuries to his leg.
fall_fatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on September 24, 2016, Employee #1 was struck by the body of a crane which pushed him through a guardrail.  Employee #1 suffered inte rnal injuries and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:00 p.m. on October 15, 2018, an employee was walking within an outdoor carg o loading area when he was struck by a box truck and is killed.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on November 30, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multiemployer construction project, the renovation of a mul tifamily residential building.  The employee was tasked with replacing a section of plywood at the roof's eave.  A lull material handler was being used to lift a box made on the job to the roof to deliver supplies to employees.  The box was not properly secured to the lull, and when the employee stepped into the box to retrieve the plywood, the box fell off the lull's forks, causing the employee t o fall.  Employee #1 fell a height of 20 feet 4 inches.  He sustained multiple b lunt force traumatic injuries and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On September 21, 2009, Employees #1 and #2 were relocating power lines from a 35 ft pole to an adjacent 40 ft pole. While using a hydraulic tool to crimp an attachment to a jumper wire, the tool bridged the opening between the energized jumper and a grounded metal control arm on the pole. An electrical arc explosion occurred, burning both employees. Employee #2 was hospitalized for treatment.
fall_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on March 23, 2017, Employee #1, a carpenter, was dril ling 0.25-inch holes in a precast concrete ceiling panel working from a 10 foot high step ladder.  He was found on the floor with the ladder on top of him, dead .
caught_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on November 13, 2017, Employee #1 was raising a metal tank using an overhead crane. The employee lowered the tank back down onto roller supports. A s he raised the tank again, the hook on the chain sling came out of the pad eye and the tank fell toward Employee #1. Employee #1 dropped to the ground between the roller supports and became caught between the tank and roller. Employee#1's left forearm was crushed, resulting in his hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on March 1, 2019, an employee was placing inventory labels on palle ts when he stepped away and was struck by a forklift that was operating in the d ocking area.  The employee sustained head injuries when he struck the concrete f loor and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on December 14, 2018, an employee climbed a utility pole to install powerline upgrade. As the employee ascended the pole, the employee made contact with a live, high voltage powerline and received severe electrical burns. The e mployee was transported to a local hospital where the employee's right arm was a mputated due to the severity of the burns.
electrocution_nonfatal	On or aboutMarch 17, 2003, Employee #1 was using a 40 ft extension ladder to install an aluminum gutter. He was moving the metal gutter when it contacted a three-phase, 4,160-volt overhead power line. He received an electric shock that resulted in exit wounds. Employee #1 fell between 28 ft and 32 ft from the ladder to the ground. He was transported to Massachusetts General Hospital, where he was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was using a long-bladed shovel to clean out a pothole that had filled with mud from a rainstorm. He contacted a buried, 4-kilovolt power line and received an electric shock that continued until the line was deenergized approximately 20 to 30 minutes later. The employee was electrocuted. The pothole had exposed the underground cable supplying a burring operation. The underground cable had an external grounding conductor wrapped around it, but the insulation on the cable was worn about halfway through.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 19, 2015, an employee was standing on a four foot step l adder attempting to cut 1.5 inches off the top of a wood stud exterior wall with a circular saw. The employee either fell off the four foot step ladder and made contact with his inner leg with the saw or he brought the saw down from an over head raised position to rest his arms, and struck his inner leg. The employee wa s killed from a severe laceration to his femoral artery, and lost a significant amount of blood before medical treatment could be provided.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:15 p.m. on November 6, 2017, Employee #1, an electrical apprentice, and Cow orker #1, the foreman, both employed by an electrical systems construction compa ny, were engaged in replacing old electrical cables in a residential neighborhoo d. Employee #1 was stripping insulation from a new 1/0 electrical cable in prepa ration for the installation of a pothead insulator. The cable inadvertently beca me energized, and Employee #1 sustained a shock of 7,620 kilovolts and severe bu rns to his arm and knee. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tra nsported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for electrical shock and b urns.
electrocution_fatal	On September 7, 2004, Employee #1, a Class C lineman, was instructed by his foreman to replace a stinger that had broken loose from a transformer during a storm. He climbed an electrical pole and was disconnecting the stinger when a gust of wind swung it toward him. The stinger struck Employee #1, electrocuting him. The foreman had told Employee #1 to disconnect the power before trying to replace the stinger.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on June 12, 2017, an employee was installing a roof parapet/cornic e joists at the roof edge of a six-story building. The employee fell and was kil led from blunt force trauma to his torso and head when striking ground.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 7, 2007, Employees #1 and #2 were cleaning insulators in an electrical substation when Employee #1 contacted an energized conductor. Both employees suffered from electric shock and flash burns, for which they were hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer job site.  He was setting trusses when he fell. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital .  He was admitted and treated for a leg fracture and fractures of multiple ribs .
struck_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on January 29, 2019, Employee #1 was acting as a ground guide while a coworker was moving a 5 ton section of a Marine Lift.   The coworker lowered the lift forks and struck Employee #1 with the load. Employee #1 sustained fatal injuries to the head and face.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:44 a.m. on June 7, 2015, Employee #1, a construction worker, was setting footings for concrete barriers. A semi-truck trailer changed its pat h of travel when it was struck by a dump truck that was attempting to enter norm al traffic. The semi-truck trailer entered the work zone and struck Employee #1, killing him.
fall_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on August 16, 2017, an employee was repairing roof dorm. The employ ee fell from the roof approximately 15 feet to the porch roof and was killed fro m blunt force trauma to his head and arms.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on July 3, 2019, an employee, a milling department supervisor, was working in the mill area of the warehouse operating an enclosed, Weinig Group Ra imann ProfiRip KM310M, wood cutting machine at the feeding end. The employee fed a piece of wood into the machine and was lining up a second piece when a splint er kicked back and shot out from the feeding end. The splinter piece shot back w ith such force that it penetrated completely through the employee's forearm. Eme rgency services were contacted and the employee was taken to a local hospital, w here he was admitted and required surgery.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on September 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was installing flashing to the roof of a commercial building.  He lost his footi ng and fell to the concrete surface, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency servic es were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitte d and treated for fractures to his right shoulder, ribs, and spine.
electrocution_fatal	On July 15, 2003, Employee #1 was performing his regular duties when he came in contact with a Lincoln Pro-Cut 55 plasma cutter and was electrocuted. The plasma cutter's grounding conductor was connected to a 230 volt AC conductor, which energized the exterior frame.
struck_fatal	At 6:05 a.m. on August 31, 2015, Employee #1 was moving or lifting a 4 foot by 8 foot sheet of Oriented Strand Board (OSB) that was lying on the steel decking o f a flat roof.  The OSB was covering a three and one half foot by six foot hole in the decking on the roof.  Employee #1 fell through the hole in the decking, 1 5 feet, and landed on the concrete floor, causing head trauma, and killing him. The fall was unwitnessed.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on January 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing services c ompany, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a two-story residen tial structure.  He was either climbing or descending a ladder when he fell, a f all height of approximately 5 feet, and struck his head against the concrete sla b surface.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital, where he was admitted and treated for his fall-related injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 7:00 p.m. on March 16, 2017, Employee #1 was on a roof removing roof panels with no fall protection.  He backed off of the roof and fell approx imately 18 foot to a concrete surface.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on November 26, 2018, an employee was installing top plates on a s teel I-beam that weighed approximately 2, 500 lbs using a bolt that was on unlev eled ground.  The employee fractured his leg and lacerations when he leaned on t he beam and it fell, striking him.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:40 p.m. on May 10, 2018, Employee #1 was helping his coworkers unload a pac kaging machine, weighing more than 4,000 pounds, from inside an enclosed 53 foot long semi-trailer. The employee and the manager were inside of the trailer to s tabilize the Pack 301, packaging machine while the forklift operator used the ti p of one of the forklifts tines to lift part of the packing machine over the lip of a dock plate to pull it out of the semi-trailer. The packing machine was abo ut two-thirds of the way out of the trailer when the back feet got caught on the dock plate. The operator set the machine down on the dock plate and repositione d the forklift beneath the packaging machine to try to lift it a second time. Du ring the second lift, the operator was still only able to get the tip of one of the forklift tines under the packing machine, so the employee and coworkers trie d pulling it out of the semi-trailer, but were not able to support the machine e nough to lift the back feet over the dock plate. As the operator lowered the mac hine with the forklift, the machine shifted and fell off of the forklift tine on to Employee #1. He was caught between the machine and the doorway of the buildin g. The employee freed himself but suffered a fractured rib, fractured ankle, abr asions to his torso and head, and demonstrated concussion symptoms. He was hospi talized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on May 11, 2019, Employee #1, a supervisor  employed by a company p roviding rack and pallet installations, was working with crew members at a wareh ouse and installing a multi-level rack system.   The supervisor was giving direc tions as rack frame components were lifted on the forks of a forklift.  He was s tanding beneath the elevated load when one of the forks and load components fell from the lift, an estimated fall height of 15 feet, and struck the supervisor o n the head and shoulder.  The supervisor was transported to the hospital and adm itted for treatment of head, shoulder, and upper back injuries.  He remained hos pitalized for several weeks.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 18, 2019, an employee was working as a framing carpenter and doing cleanup on the fourth floor of a building. While doing clean up, the employee fell thirty six feet through a wall opening. The employee was killed fr om fractured arm, leg and pelvis injuries received from the fall.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:00 p.m. on September 9, 2021, an employee assisted in the installation of fiber line. At some point a lead line contacted an overhead power line. The empl oyee was electrocuted and killed.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 17, 2017, an employee was replacing an expansion joint inside a permit-required confined space. The employee fell from a sloped surface into the moving/rotating preheater basket. The employee was struck by the rotat ing horizontal fan and was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 30, 2014, Employee #1 was working alone l aying bricks from a tubular welded frame scaffold.  He fell from the scaffold, a pproximately 27 feet, and died.
caught_fatal	At approximately 1:45 p.m. on November 8, 2008, Employee #1, a forklift operator for a shipping company, was operating a Mitsubishi propane powered industrial tractor. During operation, he unintentionally tripped the lever controlling the hydraulic tilting mechanism with his foot. The tractor's mast rotated backwards against the support and trapped Employee #1 between the elevator mast and one of the overhead guard supports. Employee #1 was taken to Fresno Regional Medical Center where he was treated for his injuries and released. He died twelve days later due to severe acidosis from necrotic intestinal tract complications, which was caused by his intestinal tract leaking into his abdominal cavity.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on October 18, 2017, Employee #1 was on a flatbed trailer, guiding a forklift operator into a load of steel. The load fell off of the forks, bounce d, and struck the employee. He fell to the ground from the flatbed trailer, and dislocated his neck at the cervical vertebrae. Employee #1 was hospitalized and surgery was performed.
caught_nonfatal	On December 9, 2008, Employee #1, a contract carpenter, was using a Makita Electric Works, Ltd. table saw to cut pieces of scrap wood into wedges that measured approximately 1 inch by 1 inch by 5 inches. He was instructed to cut the wedges by the host employer's site supervisor. While Employee #1 was cutting a piece of scrap wood to make a wedge, his left hand came into contact with the saw blade. The blade was not guarded. Employee #1 was taken to Highland Hospital in Oakland, California, where he was hospitalized and under went surgery to repair severe lacerations to his left fourth, fifth, and middle phalanges, as well as severed tendons and nerves on his left thumb. The accident investigation revealed that although employee #1 received safety training from his primary employer, the host employer did not provide Employee #1 with any additional safety training. Additionally, it was determined that the table saw was the incorrect equipment to use in constructing the wood wedges. Other saws were available for Employee #1 to use.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:30 a.m. on April 23, 2019, an employee was working for a firm the manufactu red fabricated structural metal. He was working as a welder or a cutter. He was using a hydraulic cylinder to push the edge of a metal utility pole so that the edge would be even. He had placed his finger on top of the hydraulic cylinder pr ior to starting it. The index finger on his left hand became caught in a pinch p oint, and it was crushed and amputated. He was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:45 p.m. on March 19, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was cutting a metal water pipe with a cut-off saw, a type of circular saw.  The pipe section was approximately 15 inches long with a 6 inch diameter.  The saw kicked back and struck the employee, who sustained lacerations to his face and c hest.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he received treatment for his injuries and then was released without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 17, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a con struction company, were working with fellow crewmembers at an existing multifami ly residential complex.  They were performing renovations to one of the four bui ldings.  The work included removing rotted wood trim and replacing exterior sidi ng.  The workers were installing Hardie Board siding that measured 8 inches by . 25 inch by 12 feet.  The crew used a Mag 77 circular saw to cut the siding to th e needed length.  Employee #1 used a Hitachi NV 65AH2 pneumatic nail gun to fast en the siding to the structure.  The nail gun operated at approximately 60 to 70 psi and dispensed nails approximately 2 inches long via a single sequential act uation mechanism or a contact actual mechanism, which in both modes required the operator to pull the trigger.  As Employee #1 was operating the nail gun, Cowor ker #1, as he exited the work area, inadvertently caught his foot on the hose su pplying air to the nail gun. Coworker #1's foot pulled the hose, and the nail gu n turned toward Employee #1's body.  The tip of the nail gun pressed against Emp loyee #1's chest area, and a nail was dispensed into his left chest cavity.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  H e was admitted, the nail was removed from his chest, and the puncture wound trea ted.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:40 p.m. on February 5, 2019, an employee torch cut an approximately twenty -five foot long by thirty inch high steel I-beam at the middle of the beam. When the ends separated, one side swung down, caught the employee's left, lower leg between the I-beam and another section of scrap metal, and pinned the employee b etween the two pieces of metal. The employee was taken to a local hospital to tr eat a fracture of the lower left leg (tibia and fibula).
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on July 1, 2019, an employee was standing on the load of a flatbed truck repositioning wood cribbings when he slipped and fell off the wood. The em ployee fractured his left femur and required hospitalization.
fall_fatal	On October 6, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multi-employer construction project for a new residential structure.  He w as using a SkyTrak Rough Terrain Forklift with a homemade platform basket and in stalling exterior siding.  The platform basket had no side rails, and the employ ee was not using a personal fall arrest system.  The employee walked backward on the platform and fell from the unguarded right side, a fall height of 17 feet. He hit his head on a concrete patio.  Emergency services transported the employ ee to the hospital, where he died of fall-related injuries two weeks later.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 4, 2015, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a cons truction company, were working at a multiemployer construction site for a reside ntial building.  They were using a hydraulic trolley jack and two 2 by 6 boards to lift an I-beam that had been placed several days earlier, intending to insert shims to level the beam.  The beam came loose from its seat and fell, striking Employee #1.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures.  Employee #1 killed from his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 4:45 p.m. on May 22, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at a multiemployer construction project, the renovation of a one-stor y commercial building.  He was operating a scissor lift and moving it down a ste el ramp to unload it from a trailer.  The ramp collapsed, and the scissor lift t ipped over.  Employee #1 fell from the lift and struck his head on the ground. Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he died from i nternal bleeding in the brain.
caught_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on November 18, 2019, Employee #1 was washing out the hydro vacuum truck debris body/tank with a high pressure water hose. A coworker said that he saw Employee #1 give the hand signal in the passenger side mirror to close the t ailgate door of the debris body/tank.  The coworker got out of the truck and ope rated the levers to close and lock the tailgate door then got back into the truc k to wait on Employee #1 to return to the truck cab.  When Employee #1 didn't co me to the truck cab after approximately 3 to 5 minutes, the coworker went to loo k for him. The coworker found Employee #1 caught between the tailgate door and d ebris body/tank. Employee #1 had sustained blunt force trauma across his shoulde rs and chest and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:56 a.m. on December 30, 2014, Employee #1 was operating a semi-truck, tran sporting dirt using an end-dump trailer. The employee raised the trailer to less than a foot away from a 12,500 volt overhead power line. The electricity from t he overhead power line transferred to the trailer, energizing it. When Employee #1 stepped from the cab of the semi and touched the ground, the semi became part of the electrical circuit, discharging to ground.  The employee received an ele ctrical shock and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on February 25, 2022, an employee worked at the edge of a roof cutt ing excess sheathing. The board the employee stood on was not properly secured t o the roof and slid out from under the employee, who fell approximately eight fe et. The employee was taken to the hospital to treat an elbow fracture and was no t hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 was moving live wires from an old pole to a new pole when he came in contact with the middle phase and the wooden pole, which created a potential difference, resulting fatal electrocution.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on April 2, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a masonry construction company, were working at the site of a two-story commercial buildi ng.  They were erecting scaffolding to the third level in preparation for the da y's masonry work.  They had installed third level planking when Employee #1, wai ting to install the guardrail his coworker was passing up to him, tripped on a p lank and fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was treated for a laceration and contusion to his forehead and then released the same day.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on March 15, 2022, an employee fell from the roof to the ground. The employee was killed and suffered aortic dissection and broken bones.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 29, 2022, an employee was removing sheet metal roofing pane ls. The employee stepped on a cut panel and fell through the roof. The employee did have a harness, but was not anchored.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was operating a portable tabletop saw, Ridgid Miter Saw Model AC99400 Serial Number 03191F1025.  He later reported no memory of what occurred, but apparentl y he lost consciousness either before or after his left hand came into contact w ith the saw's blade.  All fingers on the hand were amputated.  Emergency service s were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputations.
struck_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on July 19, 2019, at the end of the workday, Employees #1 through # 5, employed by a civil construction company, were travelling in a Polaris XP1000 Utility Terrain Vehicle (UTV).  Employee #1, the driver, was driving downhill o n a steep (11 degrees) unpaved road.  Employee #1 later reported that the UTV's transmission and brakes failed.  The vehicle picked up speed as it rolled downhi ll.  It then rolled over into a 20-foot deep embankment and crashed into a tree. Employee #2 (back left passenger) was killed.  Emergency services transported Employees #1, #3 (back middle passenger), #4 (back right passenger), and #5 (fro nt passenger) to the hospital.  Employees #1 and #5 were admitted and treated fo r vertebrae fractures.  Employees #3 and #4 were treated for abrasions and contu sions and then released.
caught_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 15, 2013, an employee cleaned the front auger with water and hose while standing back approximatly 7 feet from the auger while it was turnin g at a slow speed. Once the employee finished he placed hose back on the water t ruck. The auger was rotating. He walked back toward the auger to watch the opera tor clean the inside of the machine with a pressure washer. The operator inside the machine told him to get back. The employee's safety vest caught on the auger and pulled him between the auger and the machine frame. The employee was killed .
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on June 2, 2017, an employee was rolling wire onto a cable dolly an d pinched his gloved hand between the rope and capstan.  The employee pulled his hand free but had crushed his index and middle fingers.  The employee amputated the tips of both fingers and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. om June 18, 2018, an employee was performing exterior masonry work from a scaffold. The employee fell from the scaffold sustaining injuries, inclu ding lost teeth.
struck_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on November 23, 2021, an employee moved concrete form slabs onto an A-frame racking system. At some point, the racking system became unstable and f ell onto the employee, who was struck by several slabs each weighting approximat ely one hundred pounds. The employee received injuries to the face and chest and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 2, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a water and sewer line construction company, were cleaning up at the end of the work da y.  Employee #1, grabbed onto the ball and wire rope of the crane operated by hi s coworker.  Employee #1 used a chain on the crane's hook to lift the spool of w ire rope.  During this process, he reduced the distance between the spool of wir e rope and a 19.9 phase 2 ground overhead power line.  The power line arced acro ss to the wire, shocking both Employee #1 and the coworker.  The coworker was no t injured.  Employee #1, who was grabbing the crane hook, was shocked more sever ely.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of burns to his left wrist and hand and both feet.
caught_fatal	At 5:24 p.m. on December 12, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a demolition and con struction company, was working at the company's facility.  He was instructed to pick up two packages being delivered to the front gate by a delivery driver.  He entered the cab of a LULL forklift and proceeded toward the gate.  While operat ing the forklift, Employee #1 leaned out of the cab and inadvertently hit the op erating controls of the boom lift.  The boom lift descended, and the employee be came entrapped between the cab and the boom lift.  The delivery driver attempted unsuccessfully to lift the boom lift off Employee #1.  Emergency services arriv ed and extricated Employee #1 approximately 45 minutes later.  Employee #1 died at the job site.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:32 a.m. on May 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a remodeling company, was working at a single family residence.  He was on a 6-foot scaffold and using a Sawzall reciprocating saw to cut a piece of lumber when the saw kicked back.  Th e employee lost his balance and fell from the scaffold 6 to the concrete floor. The employee was transported to the hospital for treatment of a laceration to t he head, laceration and swelling to the right wrist and leg, a bruised and black eye, and back pain.  He was released without hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	On January 14, 2005, Employee #1 was stripping concrete forms in the open basement of a single-family home. He was later found, face down, in a small amount of water in the basement. There was a defective electrical cord lying in the water. Employee #1 had been electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At  8:00 a.m. on November 4, 2017, an employee was sitting on a bundle of shingl es preparing for roof work to be performed.  The 38 year old male employee was w orking alongside 2 to 3 other employees on the roof of the apartment complex. Th e employee, who was not utilizing a personal fall arrest system, slipped on the damp cedar roof, slid to the edge, rolled over a jack board, and fell 25 feet to the ground below. None of the employees were utilizing fall protection. Prior t o working on the roof the employee had not received training on fall hazards.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 18, 2022, two employees were preparing a cable for inst allation into a transformer when the employee working on the opposite end of the cable about 1,200 feet away lost control of it and the cable conductor made con tact with an electric source of 7,620 volts. The employees were both hospitalize d to treat shock and burns to their hands and fingers.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 7, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a mechanical contrac tor, was engaged in trenching work at a multiemployer building construction proj ect.  As he held open a door for a forklift to pass through, he was struck and r un over by a mini-excavator.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 wa s transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:40 a.m. on June 4, 2019, Employees #1 and #2 were raising a drilling rig ma st into place over a location to be drilled.  The drilling rig mast made contact with an overhead high voltage electric power line.  Both employees were injured .  Employee #1 required hospitalization for electric shock and related injuries. His left arm was severely injured and required amputation.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 6:45 p.m. on May 2, 2018, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a utility ser vices company, were loading equipment into a truck at a multifamily residential building project.  The truck became energized, and the three employees all susta ined electric shocks and burns.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on February 28, 2018, an employee was cutting wood with a guarded miter saw while building wooden shipping crates.  The employee struck the blade with his left hands middle and index fingers, amputating them.  The employee wa s transported by his employer to the Memorial Care Medical Group and transferred to the Orange County Medical Center where he was admitted.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on February 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a company specializi ng in building stairs, was working at a residential townhouse under construction .  He was attempting to climb by placing both knees on the edge of a wall sectio n alongside the stairs.  During this process, his tool belt became caught on the corner of the column.  Employee #1 fell, rolling and tumbling from this section of the staircase to the base and landing on his left hand, which he had stretch ed out to break his fall.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitte d, and treated for a fractured wrist.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on March 29, 2021, an employee was attempting to reattach damaged p owerlines to a 30 ft. wooden utility pole. The employee was attached to the pole with a body belt and harness. As the employee pulled the power lines, the pole snapped at the base causing him to fall. He landed between the ground and the po le, causing internal injuries and killing him.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on June 11, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in reroofing activity at a two-story commercial building.  He was wa lking on the roof when he slipped and fell.  The lifeline he was wearing for fal l protection broke.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was a dmitted and treated for multiple fractures.
fall_fatal	At 6:15 p.m. on April 13, 2021, an employee worked on a roof, fell approximately eighteen feet, received bone fractures and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 p.m. on January 16, 2020, an employee was driving an electric pallet jac k in an aisle making a turn when he lost control and slammed into a bollard at e nd of aisle. The employee caught his foot between the jack and the bollard and f ractured four toes, requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 was working in the attic of a residential dwelling pulling wires for an alarm system. Owner of residence heard a thud in attic then did not hear Employee #1 for about 30 minutes. Owner tried to make contact with Employee #1, who had been electrocuted, then called the fire department who found the Employee #1 with no pulse in the attic. Police observed electrical burns on body (specific location was not specified in the original narrative).
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on March 21, 2020, Employee #1 was working at the renovation of a o ne-story commercial building, a multiemployer construction project.  He was work ing from a scissor lift and doing interior painting.  Employee #1 fell from the scissor lift, a fall height of 18 feet.  He was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 04:30 p.m. on February 23, 2022, an employee was moving pallets of inventory while unloading a truck with a forklift. The truck suddenly left the dock causin g the forklift to fall between the gap from the dock and truck. The employee fel l to the ground hitting the head, resulting in a laceration and concussion. The employee was admitted and treated at the hospital for injuries sustained.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 1, 2003, an employee and a coworker, city employees, were removing a dirt compactor off the crane truck. The coworker operated the crane from the station location on the platform on the truck. The employee stood on the sidewalk across the street where the compactor was to be set down. The overhead was 12 kV and 69 kV high voltage power lines. The cranes cable made contact with the power lines when the employee was guiding the compactor onto the sidewalk. The employee sustained electrical burns to both feet and left hand for which he was hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 4:41 p.m. on February 26, 2016, an employee was working from a creeper under a tractor trailer truck loosening brake shoe adjustments. He was preparing to ch ange brake drums when the tractor trailer truck fell off the jacks, crushing the employee's abdomen.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 6:00 p.m. on July 5, 2007, Employee #1, a self-employed contractor, was working alone to install a walk-in freezer. He was later found laying on top of the freezer, with obvious electrocution burns. There were no direct witnesses to the accident.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on September 25, 2017, an employee was under a truck being undecked , loosening the J-Bolts on the shackles that fits into the fifth wheel. As he lo osened the bolt with a knock off wrench, the truck shifted and struck the employ ee.  The employee was pinned between two semi trucks. The employee lost consciou sness briefly and suffered contusions to his upper torso. The employee was hospi talized and treated for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on May 19, 2020, an employee was working from a job made platform a ttached to the forks of a rough terrain forklift to paint a second story window frame. When the employee finished he signaled a coworker, who was operating the forklift, to lower the employee to the ground. The coworker began to retract the boom when the platform came free of the forks. The employee fell approximately fifteen feet, struck a fence and then landed on a concrete sidewalk. The employe e was killed by multiple blunt force trauma injuries received.
electrocution_fatal	On September 17, 2014, an employee was preparing to connect a flexible gas line to a central heater pipe with a crescent wrench in an older house crawl space. H e did not respond to the supervisor who was applying a back wrench to the heater line.  The supervisor received an electrical shock twice when he touched the ne w flexible line.  His death was considered to be an apparent electrocution.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 p.m. on January 16, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction contra ctor, was working at a multiemployer building construction site.  He was plaster ing a wall while standing on a 12 foot stepladder that was placed on top of an a ir conditioning handling unit.  Employee #1 fell off the ladder, a fall height o f 18.5 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for lacerations to the head, a fract ured right hand and fingers, a fractured left ankle, and three fractured spinal vertebrae.  Employee #1 was hospitalized for 9 days, during which time he underw ent ankle surgery and hand surgery.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on July 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was inst alling rain gutters for a new three-story residential building.  He was working from a metal ladder.  The employee moved the ladder, and it made contact with th e energized overhead powerline.  The employee sustained an electric shock.  He w as transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of electric shock inju ries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on July 18, 2019, an employee worked from a steel beam conducting measurements with a tape measure. The employee fell and received fractures to th e vertebrae and sternum, and a head laceration and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 10:50 a.m. on June 21, 2021, an employee installed lighting and at some point made contact with an energized wire, electrocuted and killed.
caught_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 16, 2021, an employee was raising the jacks on a trailer. The brakes had not been engaged on either the tractor or the trailer so when th e jacks were raised they both rolled. The employee was crushed between the rolli ng trailer and the stationary trailer next to it. The employee died from his inj uries.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on February 28, 2019, three employees were securing a fabric wind s creen at ground level.  During work, a multiport aluminum posts were knocked off the fourth floor when a tower crane was repositioning a load of decking floor s upports and made contact with a load of aluminum posts. All three employees were struck by the falling posts, resulting in one being killed and the other two ho spitalized.
fall_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on September 10, 2015, an employee was performing ca rpentry work at a multi-unit residential building.  The employee climbed up the ladder to the roof and started walking across the roof to the work area.  The em ployee was not wearing fall protection and fell from the roof landed on a concre te sidewalk.  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on June 26, 2020, Employee #1, an engineering intern employed by a power line construction company, was inspecting a wood utility pole to determine whether power lines had been transferred from an old pole.  The employee was we aring a high visibility vest and positioned on an emergency shoulder approximate ly 6 feet back from the driving lane.  He began walking back to his personal veh icle, a 2019 Dodge Charger equipped with a safety strobe that was flashing yello w.  There was no safe work zone established.  The driver of a Toyota Highlander, who failed to notice Employee #1, pulled his vehicle off the road, reportedly t o check for car problems.  The driver struck Employee #1 and dragged him 25 yard s along the shoulder.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction com pany, was working at a residential structure.  He was installing metal drip edge in preparation for roofing work.  The roof had a steep pitch of 10 in 12.  Empl oyee #1 fell, a fall height of 15 feet, and landed on a lower deck level.  Emerg ency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a head injury.
caught_fatal	On November 27, 2012, Employee #1 was operating an asphalt-pulverizing machine. The employee's work clothing zipper was caught in the asphalt-pulverizing machine pulling his body into the squeeze point action of the machine. Employee #1 was amputated from the abdominal point of his body. The employee was pronounced dead at the scene.
fall_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on March 25, 2014, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were j umping a gin pole, moving it, when the wire rope sling for the gin pole top bloc k failed. This caused the two communication towers to collapse on top of Employe e #1 and Employee #2, killing them.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was using a Tucker Pole to wash windows on a three-story commercial building. He extended the pole a distance of 12 meters, and it contacted a 7,000-volt overhead power line, which was approximately 11.3 meters above the ground. The employee was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 11:11 a.m. on October 1, 2021, an employee assisted a coworker, who was opera ting an end loader (John Deere 624J) with unloading pipe. While the coworker ope rated the end loader, the employee attempted to jump onto the vehicle ladder. Th e employee slipped off the ladder and was run over by the loader. The employee w as killed by injuries sustained.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:15 a.m. on August 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a heavy construction co ntractor, was attempting to connect an electrode to a holder.  The electrode bec ame energized, and Employee #1 was shocked.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for the elec trical shock.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:57 a.m. on September 27, 2018, an employee attempted to climb a wooden, fix ed ladder to access the roof of a single family home. The employee was approxima tely halfway up the ladder, when the rung the employee was holding onto broke an d separated from the side rails. The employee fell approximately thirty feet and was hospitalized for blunt force trauma to the head, and fractures to the neck, hip, and both legs.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 22, 2019, Employee #1, the carpentry foreman, and Empl oyee #2, the project superintendent, employed by a construction company, were co nducting a walk-through of a new two-story residential structure to evaluate pro gress on the interior construction work.  They were descending a set of temporar y stairs from the upper level to the first floor when the stairs collapsed.  Bot h employees fell, a fall height of approximately 15 feet, and struck the basemen t surface.  Emergency services transported the employees to the hospital.  Emplo yee #1 was admitted for treatment of traumatic head injuries, including a concus sion and facial nerve damage.  Employee #2 was treated for a fractured wrist and released without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on January 13, 2018, an employee was operating a forklift inside a truck trailer with a coworker.  The employee pinched his finger when his coworke r backed the forklift out of trailer while carrying several pallets and caught t he employee's finger.  The employee amputated the tip of his left hand's middle finger.  The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 4:04 p.m. on August 9, 2017, an employee was adjusting the posi tion of the rear axles on a 53-ft trailer. The trailer was on an inclined surfac e when he attempted to make the adjustment to the position of the rear axles.  W hen the employee attempted to move the retaining pin, the tire rocked upwards an d pinned the employees left arm between the trailer and the rear tire. The emplo yee sustained tissue damage in his left arm shoulder up to his left hand.  The e mployee was transported to the emergency room.  After examination, the employee was released on the same date that he arrived in the emergency room.
caught_fatal	On May 30, 2009, Employee #1 was grinding rust spots on a hydraulic tilt body recycling truck, in preparation for painting. As Employee #1 accessed the area between the frame of the truck and the bottom portion of its raised rails of the dump body, the hydraulic release lever was activated. The rails of the dump body lowered, pinning him between the body of the truck and its frame. Employee #1 was later discovered by a coworker. Employee #1 was transported to a local hospital, where he died.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on August 17, 2021, an employee assisted with the unloading of an e lectric switch gear (weighing fifteen-hundred-pounds) from a delivery truck. Dur ing the process, the switch gear fell onto the employee, who was killed due to c rush injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on April 3, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a utility provider, was engaged in the construction of a power line.  He was rotating a large spool of w ire by hand when his left hand became caught between the mounting bar and the ho using for locking pins.  His middle finger was amputated to the first knuckle. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was treated for the degloving and partial amputation of his left middle fin ger and then released.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on November 19, 2015, an employee was installing a silt fence at t he edge of a pond. A dump truck hauling aggregate for road construction in the r esidential area passed the employees. While making a right turn, the rear wheels of the trailer struck and fatally injured the employee with crushing and blunt trauma to the head and body.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:55 p.m. on March 10, 2015, an employee was working from the basket of a tru ck aerial lift, re-installing power distribution lines onto the concrete pole cr oss arm.  The employee was electrocuted when the energized lines not properly in sulated made contact and electrocuted the employee.
caught_fatal	At 2:59 p.m. on December 17, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a constructi on company, were working inside a 32-inch deep trench and using shovels to dig u nder a concrete foundation slab/wall at a residential structure.  The concrete s lab, which measured 8 inch thick by 12 foot long by 24 foot wide, became dislodg ed from the surrounding soil and collapsed onto the two employees.  Employee #1 was pinned between the concrete slab and the trench's opposite dirt wall.  Emplo yee #2 was pinned face down between the concrete slab and the ground.  Emergency services arrived, determined that Employee #2 had no pulse, and resuscitated hi m.  Both the employees were transported to the hospital and admitted.  Employee #1 was treated for multiple fractured ribs and other injuries.  Employee #2 died at the hospital from crushing injuries on December 22, 2019.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on October 10, 2014, an employee placed a part in a furnace for hea t treating.  The employee closed the furnace door and was returning to his forkl ift truck that was parked about 22 feet away and was struck by another forklift. The forklift was traveling northbound about 4 to 5 miles per hour. The employee was struck and run over by the passenger side wheels of the forklift. The emplo yee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on September 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a concrete company, was working at the site of a new eight-story concrete multifamily residential b uilding. He was accessing the third level to engage in forming work when he fell through an open area to the next lower level, a fall height of approximately 9 feet. Employee #1's supervisor transported him to the hospital, where he was tre ated for a fractured left wrist and released.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on July 18, 2017, an employee was working from a ladder to paint t he eaves and window trim of the third floor of a residence. During work, the emp loyee fell from the ladder and a suffered a severe head injury that included sku ll fractures when he stuck a stone paver surface. The employee was killed as a r esult of his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on April 21, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection compa ny, was working at a multiemployer construction site.  He was releasing a jack a fter stressing a tendon.  Employee #1's left hand was inside the jack of the pos t-tension equipment when the machine inadvertently activated, catching and cutti ng his hand.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a partial amputation of his left hand and lacerations to his second, third, and fourth finger.
fall_nonfatal	On July 19, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an information techno logy services company, were installing a roof hatch at a work site.  Employee #1 lifted one end of the roof hatch to insert a wood board underneath the edge.  H e slipped on some insulation and slid the roof hatch forward, exposing an open h ole.  Employee #1 fell through the hole, a fall height of approximately 16.5 fee t.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration above his eye.
electrocution_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on August 30, 2018, an employee was moving 13.8 kV  electrical dist ribution lines from an old wooden utility pole to a new metal steel utility pole and touched a live line.  The employee was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on June 17, 2017, an employee and coworkers were working from a pu mp scaffold to fill a column with concrete. The scaffold was not equipped with g uardrails, nor was fall protection used. As the employee was handling a two inch flex hose, delivering concrete to the column, the hose abruptly whipped. As a r esult, the employee fell approximately 20 feet to the ground and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 14, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, w as engaged in repainting the exterior of a residential structure.  He was workin g from a ladder and hanging plastic in preparation for painting when the ladder slipped.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 16 feet, and struck the concrete su rface.  He sustained blunt force traumatic injuries, including multiple fracture s, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On October 28, 2006, Employee #1, a supervisor and project manager for Cupertino Electric, was part of a crew performing a scheduled wire pulling operation to prepare for a full factory startup testing phase procedure. In the "battery room" of the facility, a factory splice was missing between two 2-volt batteries in a 500-volt bank of batteries. Employee #1 attempted to install a jumper (a piece of cable with lugs on each end) between the two batteries. When the jumper made contact with the battery, the circuit was completed, resulting in an arc flash and blast. Employee #1 suffered second- and third-degree burns to his hands and arms and first- and second-degree burns to his chest, upper abdomen, neck, and face. Subsequent investigation determined that (1) the cables from battery strings 3A and 3B were not landed properly on the line side of the breakers; (2) battery string 3B was connected so that the polarity was the opposite of the field installation drawing; (3) because of the above two issues, there was a potential direct current voltage between the two points being connected; (4) a missing factory splice plate during the battery installation caused a gap; (5) no set of written instructions--referred to as a method of procedure--was created, written, or provided to the personnel working on the energized equipment and parts necessary for the factory startup test, a violation of T8CCR 2320.2(a)(2); and (6) Employee #1 was working alone in the battery distribution room. Since he was a supervisor, he was considered under Title #8 California Code of Regulations as the "authorized" person to work on energized systems. Referencing items #1, #2, #3, and #4, this substantiated a violation of Section 3328(f). Employee #1 attempted to modify the improper installation of the battery system using a jumper that was not a factory-authorized part. He and supervisory personnel later stated that he had not performed a potential test of the electrical current on the equipment and had not treated the system as energized. In addition, Employee #1 did not wear suitable personal protective equipment for working on energized equipment. A test on the energized equipment would have warned him of the potential current; approved insulated gloves and a flame-retardant top, would have protected him from an arc flash.
fall_fatal	On June 29, 2016 a coworker was instructed to cut out and move a stanchion and w ire rope guard rail on the 7th floor of a UVM campus dormitory under constructio n.  The area was then danger taped off.  At 6:00 a.m. on June 30, 2016 an employ ee was sent to the 7th floor to place boards on scaffold outriggers to protect m asons on a lower level from drywall operations taking place above.  Employee had not started this work and it did not require him to be in the area from which h e fell.  Employee crossed over into the danger taped off area, to a point on the northeast side where the fall protection had been disabled, and fell from that area 72.5 feet to the ground and was killed.  Initial autopsy report is blunt fo rce trauma to entire body resulting in death.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 6:30 p.m. on August 28, 2008, an employee, a sign installer, sustained electrocution when he was connecting 120 VAC, 20A, energized power line to the primaries of 15 KV and 7.5 KV transformers for the neon signs at Frostee Fruitees restaurant, located in Palm Desert city, California. The employee was located in a tight space, 16-in. wide attic-bay, and was in contact with grounded metal conduits on the side of the transformers. As he attempted to strip the black energized wire, power source side, with a stripper to remove the insulation to connect the primaries, he experienced a severe electric shock and was electrocuted. The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 14, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a five-story commercial building renovation project.  He was dismantling a motorized cable and pulley system when his left hand was pulled in to the system and his little finger was partially amputated.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported and admitted to the hospital.  To treat the injury, surgical removal of the finger to the first joint was performe d.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:20 a.m. on June 4, 2019, an employee was struck-by a stand-up forklift's ri ght fork driven by a coworker who was travelling in the forward direction with h is view obstructed by a Super Sack. While the coworker began turning the corner to approach a shrink-wrap machine, the employee operating a Crown pallet-jack wa s starting to back out of the area when impact occurred.  The employee was weari ng leather work boots at the time he was struck. The employee incurred fractured bones and lacerations to his foot, requiring hospitalization and five surgeries . He lost his middle toe and suffered from nerve damage.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on August 25, 2017, Employee #1, a laborer employed by a property m anagement and maintenance company, was working at a retail space that was being remodeled.  Employee #1 was assigned to perform housekeeping and assist with the construction process.  In order to tape just-installed ceiling drywall, he used a scissor lift to access a work platform, a sheet of plywood laid across metal studs where the ceiling was to be located.  Employee #1 was standing on the plyw ood when it broke and he fell, a fall height of 9 feet.  A coworker called emerg ency services, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures to his right foot and ankle, spinal injuries , and a knee injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on August 30, 2008, Employee #1, who works for an installer of custom wood flooring, was working at a residential site. Employee #1 amputated his thumb while he was ripping (i.e., cutting lengthwise) a 5-in. by 2-ft piece of wood with an unguarded 15 amp Skill Saw (10" blade). Employee #1 was working alone, without direct supervision, at the time of the accident. Therefore, no one witnessed the accident. Because Employee #1 was experienced at the trade, his employer provided him limited training. However, the Employer believed he had directed Employee #1 to use a push stick, mostly for thin cuts made between the blade and fence. The Employer stated that the saw was generally not guarded because of the nature of most cuts made with it. However, the Employer did believe that the guard could have been used to make the cut that Employee #1 was attempting at the time of the accident.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:20 a.m. on January 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction subcon tractor, was working at the site of a four-story multifamily residential buildin g.  He was up on the flat roof and clearing away debris.  He removed a piece of 4 by 8 plywood that was attached to the roof floor with one nail.  As he pulled the nail, he stepped backwards and fell off the roof, a fall height of 12 feet 6 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractured vertebrae.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 7, 2017, an employee was transferring his personal belongi ngs from a parked truck that was scheduled for service to a loaner truck. The em ployee was later discovered by a coworker lying face down on the ground in betwe en the cabs of the two truck. The employee was transported to Riverside Communit y Hospital where he was hospitalized and underwent surgery to repair a deep tiss ue injury to his head. However, the employee died on June 9, 2017. The evidence and information gathered during the investigation gave no indication as to the c ause of death.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a two-story multifamily residential building job site.  He had been cleaning up the building's roof.  The employee attempted to descend from t he roof using a ladder.  The ladder moved, and Employee #1 fell to the concrete surface below, a fall height of 23 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for back /spinal cord injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On March 24, 2014, Employee #1, employed by an excavation contractor, was working at a new road construction site. He was operating a chain saw to cut down trees at the site. While preparing to cut a tree, Employee #1 turned off the saw's power and either fell or lay down on the ground. When the company owner came out to help Employee #1, he found him unresponsive. The owner called for emergency medical services. When the responders arrived, they called the coroner, who came to the site. The coroner pronounced Employee #1 dead on the scene. This event was investigated by Indiana OSHA. The coroner's report listed the cause of death as Cardio-Vascular, Respiratory System Failure.
struck_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on September 21, 2017, an employee was transporting a forklift by loading it onto a gooseneck trailer attached to a light industrial truck.  When the forklift was loaded on the trailer, the weight of the load began to push the entire rig, trailer and truck, forward, causing it to slide on the gravel surfa ce. The driver turned the wheels of the truck to try and stop the movement, whic h caused the trailer to jack-knife. As the trailer came around to the drivers si de, the driver attempted to escape the impact by jumping out of the truck throug h the driver's side, and was caught between the moving trailer with the load and the side of the truck.  The employee was crushed against the truck and killed.
caught_nonfatal	On January 24, 2014, Employee #1, employed by a heavy construction contractor, was installing utility pipe on a tunnel construction project. He was inside the tunnel when his pant leg caught on a pipe fitting. This caused him to drop the pipe and twist his ankle. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for an ankle sprain/strain. He was released without hospitalization. Employee #1 was placed on light duty for several days. This event was investigated by Minnesota OSHA.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 noon on July 2, 2019, an employee, a senior plumber, was assigned to re plumb the piping system inside an underground water vault. The employee and his assistant coworker when to a private residence to put in the anchor hangers for the pipes. The employee was descending the 10 foot fixed ladder in a 10 foot by 20 foot vault when his hand slipped and he fell and landed on his chest on the w ater pump motor. The employee was hospitalized to treat a collapse lung and frac tured ribs.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on May 20, 2018, an employee was cutting a tree limb that was layin g on a power line with a chain saw from a bucket truck.  The employee cut the li mb which slid off the power line and sprung upwards, catching him under his righ t arm and flipped him out of the bucket.  The employee was hospitalized with mul tiple fractures and severed his spinal cord.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:42 a.m. on December 10, 2021, an employee climbed the side of a metal scaf fold while holding a pressure washer sprayer. While climbing, the employee slipp ed and fell approximately fifteen feet. The employee was taken to the hospital d ue to back pain and was treated without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 18, 2017, an employee was operating a stand-up powered pallet jack. Just after making a right-hand turn down an aisle, he crashed into a storage rack.  The employee's right foot became caught between the jack and ra ck, crushing two toes. The was hospitalized, requiring amputation of the two toe s that were injured.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:45 a.m. on June 15, 2017, an employee was replacing a spring activated arm on a robot. When the employee removed the equipment's balancer, the robot's arm swung upward and struck the employee in the head. The employee lost consciousnes s and sustained a head contusion, which he was hospitalized and received treatme nt.
caught_nonfatal	On June 11, 2009, Employee #1, with Gardner Trucking, Inc., was in a WalMart parking lot picking up cardboard bales with a forklift (Toyota Model Number 8FGU15, Serial Number 12447). After he discovered that the mast chain had slipped off its roller, he stopped the vehicle and set the brakes. With the forklift running, and while still in the driver's seat, Employee #1 reached through the railings/mast to pull the chain back into place. When he inadvertently activated the lift lever, his right hand was pulled between the chain and upper roller casing. Employee #1 was hospitalized for a partial amputation of his right index finger and tendon damage to his right middle finger. He had failed to follow lockout procedures and the safety recommendations in the Toyota Operator's and Owner's Manual for this industrial truck.
fall_fatal	At 4:45 p.m. on May 22, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at a multiemployer construction project, the renovation of a one-stor y commercial building.  He was operating a scissor lift and moving it down a ste el ramp to unload it from a trailer.  The ramp collapsed, and the scissor lift t ipped over.  Employee #1 fell from the lift and struck his head on the ground. Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he died from i nternal bleeding in the brain.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:45 a.m. on June 6, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were loading sections o f pipe into a shallow 2.5-foot-wide trench.  The coworker was operating an excav ator to move the pipe.  Employee #1 was slouched over in the trench when he was struck by a suspended concrete pipe, 12-inch diameter by 8-foot long and weighin g approximately 1,000 pounds, that was being moved into position.  Employee #1 w as transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of abdominal and facia l injuries.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on April 11, 2021, an employee attempted to clear a blockage in a c oncrete pump truck, pump pipe. As the employee crossed in front of the pipe, whi ch contained concrete and compressed air, released the concrete, struck the empl oyee, and caused the employee to fall from the truck. The employee was taken to the hospital for treatment and died twenty days later from the head and spinal i njuries received.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on October 25, 2018, an employee prepared an eight inch ductile ir on pipe for leak testing. While performing a hydrostatic pressure test on the pi pe, the pipe broke free from another pipe and struck the employee's left leg. Th e employee was hospitalized to treat a laceration to his leg.
electrocution_fatal	On July 18, 2012, an employee, of Food Service Technologies, Inc., was repairing a hot water heater in the utility closet of a restaurant. He was alone. He was discovered unresponsive on the floor with what appeared to be a burn mark on his left hand. He was determined to have been killed by electrocution.
electrocution_fatal	On August 26, 2010, Employee #1, the owner and sole proprietor of an air conditioning company, was working in the attic of a rental home. The renter of the home heard moaning and discovered the employee lying face down in the attic. The employee was electrocuted after apparently contacting the 110-volt doorbell transformer. Paramedics arrived and administered emergency aid before transporting the employee to a local hospital. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at the hospital. The employee had been working alone, and the power to the house was not off.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on August 20, 2016 an employee working outside and waiting near a tree for a hole to be filled, was struck by heavy equipment. The employee receiv ed two injuries to the head, and died.
struck_fatal	At 4:15 p.m. on November 18, 2014, Employee #1, a truck driver, had completed hi s work day.  As he parked his work vehicle in the company lot and began walking towards his supervisors office, another truck that was entering the lot struck and killed him.  The incident investigation, and subsequent interview of the tru ck driver that struck the employee, indicated that visibility was poor leading u p to the incident.  While the truck driver had both his headlights and four-way flashers, he did not see Employee #1 until he began backing his vehicle into a d esignated parking spot.  It was at that point, he observed in his side mirror th at Employee #1 was lying on the ground.  The truck driver immediately exited his vehicle and contacted emergency services. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby hos pital, where he was determined dead as a result of blunt force trauma injuries t o his chest and rib cage.
caught_fatal	At 3:25 p.m. on March 17, 2020, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a constru ction company, were working at the intersection of two roads that had been close d off.  Their assignment was to install a 42-inch corrugated plastic pipe approx imately 24 feet below the surface.  Employee #1 was working at the bottom of the trench and assisting the excavator operator to locate a 6-inch iron water servi ce line that was 90 to 100 years old.  A loader was being used to haul and place into the trench loose #53 stone for backfill, and dump trucks were removing spo il material.  The old water main pipe broke, and the loose stone backfill on the backside of the excavation gave way and flowed into the trench, filling it with approximately 7 feet of the stone backfill.  Employee #1 was caught and engulfe d in the stone.  A coworker went into the excavation in an attempt to rescue Emp loyee #1 but was not successful.  Employee #1 was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:25 a.m. on January 29, 2020, an employee shoveled dirt at a work site. At s ome point, a backing Bobcat Compact Tract Loader struck and ran over the employe e. The employee was hospitalized to treat a leg injury.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on February 6, 2018, an employee was walking from his vehicle to th e trucking terminal.  The employee was struck by a tractor trailer as he crossed the terminal lot and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 10, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as replacing the roof on a flat-roofed commercial building.  He was removing roo f curbs (unused equipment enclosures) and replacing them with aluminum cover pan els.  Employee #1 fell through a floor opening that measured 4 feet by 4 feet. He landed on a carpeted, unpadded concrete surface, a fall height of 23 feet.  E mployee #1 was killed.
caught_fatal	On February 8, 2012, an employee had a truck parked on a street and was preparing to leave the job site after a finishing the assigned task. The engine was running, with the employee outside of the vehicle, and the truck started to roll down the street. According to the police, the truck traveled for approximately 168 feet before it came to a stop on a brick wall. The employee was attempting to enter the truck to bring it under control, but was unable to fully enter the truck when it struck the wall and pinned him between the driver's door and the brick wall. He died at the scene.
fall_fatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on November 26, 2014, an employee had been assigned t he task of installing siding while his employer was installing windows at a resi dential building. The employee was working alone. It is believed that the employ ee was most likely stacking boxes of siding onto a rack that was on top of his e mployer's van when the employer found him dead.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 3, 2018, Employee #1 and four coworkers, employed by a construction company, were moving interior walls and cabinetry as part of an int erior remodeling project at an airport terminal.  They were attempting to move a steel monitor stand after removing its cabinetry.  The monitor stand, which the employer estimated weighed approximately 700 pounds, and which a coworker descr ibed as top heavy, measured 8 feet tall by 7 feet 7 inches wide, with 3-inch by 10-inch stainless steel beams on either side and a small metal track or channel on the bottom.  The employees had hand tools and portable power tools to do the work, but no forklifts or jacks.  As Employee #1 and his coworkers attempted to move the metal frame/stand, they lost control, and the frame fell backward towar d the employees.  Its corner struck Employee #1's right leg and then landed on h is left foot, crushing and amputating two toes.  No other employee was hurt.  Th e employees had not used any device or control measures to support the stand, an d the employer had not performed any hazard assessment prior to attempting the t ask.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was hospitalized for ten days and treated for a  fracture to the tibular plateau and patella of his right leg, and amputation of two toes on his left foot.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 4:19 p.m. on March 29, 2010, Employee #1, a production worker, was cutting recycled carpet material with a power saw. The saw was a Whirlwind Model Number 216L cut off saw (pneumatic up-cut), Serial Number 1077494L. Employee #1 was working inside of the storage area. The saw had electrical and pneumatic power sources. While operating the saw, the 3-inch by 5-inch by 4-foot block of material being cut fell off the saw table. Employee #1 caught the work piece with his right hand. Employee #1's left hand went under the saw blade guard. When the saw actuated, the saw blade guard came down on the production worker's left hand. The blade came up from under the table and amputated Employee #1's left hand below the second, third, fourth, and fifth fingers. Coworkers called 911 and local Police / Fire / EMS responded. Employee #1 was transported via EMS to UMDNJ Medical Center. Employee #1 was hospitalized for 16 days. Three operations were required to reattach the production worker's left hand. One outpatient skin graft operation was also required. Employee #1 lost the second finger on the left hand. Employee #1's third, fourth, and fifth fingers were reattached. Employee #1's thumb also required a skin graft. Employee #1 was prescribed physical therapy. Doctors have not yet determined when Employee #1 may return to work.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:53 a.m. on June 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was working at a multiemployer construction site.  He was on a ladder and work ing on lighting controls when he received an electric shock and fell from the la dder.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for the electric shock and fractured verteb rae incurred in the fall.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on October 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, w as working at a multiemployer construction project, a one-story commercial build ing.  He was installing a new roof when he walked off the parapet and fell, a fa ll height of 5 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on December 22, 2021, an employee, a delivery driver,  arrived at a customer's residence to deliver three liquid propane gas (LPG) compressed gas c ylinders that each weighed 71 pounds. The employee backed his truck into the pro perty parallel to a retaining wall where the cylinder storage area was on the si de of the house. The employee lowered the lift gate of the truck to approximatel y 32 inches and used a wooden plank on the customer's site, approximately 9 inch es wide, to bridge across from the gate to the storage area. The employee then l oaded the three empty cylinders from the site onto the truck using the wooden pl ank to roll the cylinders on by their foot ring. The employee then repeated this process to load two out of three of the full tanks to the storage area. As the employee was rolling the third LPG cylinder, he switched his footing on the bloc ks lining the retaining wall and slipped and fell onto the plank and then onto t he ground. The customer heard the noise and came outside and the employee asked him to call for emergency medical services. EMS arrived and transported the empl oyee to a local medical Center, where x-rays discovered fractures of the right 5 th, 6th, 7th ribs, a xiphoid fracture, and had a small right pneumothorax. The e mployee was admitted for management of the pneumothorax and pain.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on November 28, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was preparing for a roofing job at a two-story residential structure.  He wa s climbing a 36-foot aluminum extension ladder to access the roof and set up the fall protection system he and his coworkers were to use.  Employee #1 slipped a nd fell from the ladder, a fall height of 30 feet.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to a shock/trauma center.  He was admitted a nd treated for a fractured left arm, a dislocated right arm, and traumatic injur ies to his back and head.
struck_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on July 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a pipeline installation and services company, was working on a construction project at a two-story power plant.  She was installing underground plumbing conduit when she was struck by a falling pump flange.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  She was admitted and treated for work-related injuries .
fall_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on October 17, 2015, an employee fell through an opening in a floor , located inside a barricaded area, onto a concrete floor. The employee sustaine d head and other trauma and died.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 9, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a drywall contractor, wa s doing interior work in a unit of a multifamily residential building.  He was i n the process of mudding drywall on an interior closet.  While holding a tray of mud in his hand, the employee attempted to climb a 4-foot rolling scaffold to r each the top portion of the closet area without first locking the scaffold's whe els.  As the employee attempted to step onto the bottom step of the scaffold, th e scaffold rolled out from under him, causing him to fall back and hit his head on the concrete floor, a fall height of approximately 2 feet.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of a head concu ssion.
electrocution_fatal	On June 24, 2005, Employee #1 and a coworker were working at ground level, setting up an aluminum pump jack scaffold against a three-story apartment building in preparation for replacing a soffit. One of the scaffold's support poles contacted an overhead power line in the work area. Both workers received electric shocks and were thrown to the ground. Employee #1 went into cardiac arrest and died later that evening. The coworker refused medical attention.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 2, 2017, an employee was working next to a cut wall.  The wall fell on top of the employee and crushed him.
struck_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on July 15, 2021, an employee worked to nail wood frame pieces. At some point, the employee fell approximately fourteen feet, struck his head, and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on January 21, 2017, an employee was using a platform scaffold to i nstall roof sheeting operations when he fell and fractured his hip. The employee was hospitalized and received treatment for his injury.
struck_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 1, 2016, a truck driver was found unconscious next to a sem i-truck trailer he had been loading. Emergency services were contacted and he wa s transported by helicopter to a nearby medical center where he died the next da y as a result of severe head trauma. The incident investigation revealed that th e truck driver had been securing loads on the trailer with ratchet tie-downs and fell from the trailer, striking his head on the concrete surface below.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on December 13, 2002, Employee #1, age 20, was affixing a roof rafter on a house under cpmstruction in Clarendon Hills, IL. He was standing on an 8 ft 4 in. tall unfinished garage wall when his hand contacted a 2,400-volt power line that was 5 ft 6 in. above the top of the wall. Employee #1 was electrocuted. It is possible that Employee #1's height of 6 ft 1 in. was a ccontributing factor. Both age and inexperience were considered causal factors in this accident. The employer was cited for not having a safety program or accident prevention program, for allowing work too close to energized power lines, for having no fall protection plan, and for providing no PPE. The weather at the time of the accident was damp, with light rain.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 10, 2004, Employee #1 was on an aluminum ladder painting the outside of a single-family house when he contacted an incoming, 120-volt overhead power line while trying to reach around it. He received an electric shock and fell 13 ft 6 in. to the ground. Employee #1 sustained multiple fractures and was hospitalized. The ladder and the ground were wet from rain the previous night.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on August 20, 2018, an employee worked to frame a multi-story wood building. The employee stood on an elevated platform located between two columns and a metal frame scaffold. At some point, the employee fell approximately twen ty feet off the platform. The employee received rib fractures and unspecified in juries to head and knee. The employee was hospitalized for treatment of the inju ries to include surgery for the knee.
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on July 20, 2021, an employee worked from a ladder to caulk exteri or second-story windows. At some point, the employee fell approximately twenty f eet from the ladder and received fatal head trauma injuries.
struck_fatal	At 9:47 a.m. on November 19, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a site being prepared for construction of a commercial buildi ng.  He was walking in proximity to an unloading operation:  a heavy drill auger rig was being unloaded from a transport truck/trailer.  The spotter for the tra nsport company yelled a stay clear command from his position on the driver's sid e of the truck.  Employee #1, who was walking on the passenger side of the truck and may not have heard the warning, darted in front of the truck as it pulled a way from the trailer.  The truck ran over Employee #1, who was pinned and crushe d under the passenger side rear axle wheels.  The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	On August 3, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in the remodeling of a two-story commercial building owned by the employer.  He was tasked with going up to the roof and tying tarps over the air conditioning u nits, which were near an unguarded skylight.  The employee fell through the skyl ight, a fall height of approximately 13 feet.  He was transported to the hospita l, where he was admitted and treated for an injured back.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:14 a.m. on October 1, 2003, Employees #1 and #2 were positioning a 27 ft tall, Safety Hoist Laddervator, model no. 123, serial no. 16174, on the roof of a house so they could hoist roofing materials. They were lifting the unit when the top of the ladder contacted a 19 ft tall, 7,200-volt overhead power line that was 11 ft from the house. Both employees suffered an electric shock. Employee #2 was killed. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment. Neither employee was using any form of PPE. The employer did not have a written safety program and it failed to train employees on the hazards associated with power lines. The workers also failed to maintain a safe working distance from the overhead power lines.
fall_fatal	At 8:35 a.m. on January 7, 2022, an employee laid on a furniture dolly and rolle d along a suspended ceiling made of insulated metal panels to retrieve a battery . While rolling along the ceiling tiles, the employee fell approximately thirty- six feet through a panel. The employee was transported by ambulance to the hospi tal to treat unspecified, blunt force injuries, but later died.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 15:15 p.m. on December 11, 2010, Employee #1 performed his daily duties of cutting pieces wood at a construction site. Employee #1 had worked for employer, a general building contractor, for approximately one year. Employee #1 worked near other employees, including his supervisor. Employee #1 used a DW708 Compound Miter saw, serial number 91518, with 4000 rpm motor to cut the wood. Employee #1 hit a knot in a wood with the saw blade. Employee #1's left hand came in contact with the ten in. moving saw blade. The moving saw blade amputated the thumb of Employee #1's left hand. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital in Sherman Oaks, CA. Employee #1 was transported to a hospital in Los Angeles, CA later that day. Surgery was performed and employee #1 was hospitalized for one day. The Division Occupational Safety and Health (DOSH) was notified of the accident at 2:35 p.m. on December 17, 2010. DOSH initiated an inspection on January 7, 2011 and conducted interviews of Employee #1's supervisor, Employee #1 and other employees. The investigation found no violation of any Title 8 standard in connection with this accident. As a result, DOSH did not issue serious accident-related citation.
fall_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on February 28, 2015, Employee #1 was killed from fall from elevate d scissor lift.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on August 9, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a fire protection syste ms company, was installing pipes for a system at a customer's location.  He was using a foot switch to operate a Ridgid 300 Power Drive Pipe Threading Machine a nd a Ridgid 918 Groover.  Employee #1, who was wearing gloves, reached into the point of operation.  The groover moved and crushed the employee's fingers.  Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of his left hand's crushed and amputated index and middle fingers, and his lacerate d ring finger.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on December 10, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor , was engaged in re-roofing work at a one-story commercial building.  He was usi ng a wheelbarrow to remove roofing debris.  As he moved the debris to the edge o f the roof, he stepped onto a gypsum board that had been installed over a bad se ction of roof.  The board gave way, and the employee fell through the roof, a fa ll height of 14.9 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital and admitte d for treatment of fall-related injuries.   Worksheet mentions skylight but it's not clear that the hole once held a skylight.
fall_fatal	At approximately 12:00 am on September 14, 2016, an employee fell from scaffold/ ladder and died from head trauma.
fall_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on April 27, 2021, an employee worked to replace the flashing aroun d a chimney approximately thirty-nine inches from the roof edge on a four-in-twe lve slope roof. As the employee pulled the old flashing off, the caulking broke and caused the employee to lose balance, fall backwards approximately nine feet to the patio below. The employee received blunt force trauma to the head and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on October 6, 2017, an employee was oiling a conveyor's chain and s procket without lockout/tagout and amputated his index finger. Hospitalization w as not required.
electrocution_fatal	On July 24, 2006, Employees #1 and #2 and a coworker were replacing a roof at a church. They were using an aerial lift to access the work area. Employee #1, who was also the company owner, was operating the lift and lowering himself and the other two workers from the roof to the ground when he contacted the 7,600-volt A-phase of a overhead power line that was located about about 14 ft from the edge of the roof. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2 and the coworker sustained serious electric shocks and they were admitted to Chester/Crozier Burn Center for treatment of electrical burns. The power line had not been de-energized, relocated, or properly insulated.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on April 13, 2022, two employees were performing excavation work un der a residential home in preparation for plumbing work.  They were electrocuted and killed.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on February 20, 2020, Employee 1 and Employee 2 were working to de molish a three-story warehouse. Employee 1 was cutting rebar on a concrete beam with a torch while a chipping machine cut another concrete beam that were connec ted by one piece of rebar. When the cutting machine cut through the concrete bea m, it began to fall and caused the concrete beam being cut by Employee 1 to stri ke him. Employee 1 was killed and Employee 2 received unspecified leg injuries a nd was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on May 22, 2017, an employee was removing a round metal sign from the outside of  a twostory building.  Other employees were painting curbs on the other side of the parking lot.  The employee accessed the metal sign by erectin g a 24 foot aluminum extension ladder, and leaned it against the side of the bui lding just to the east of the building's double glass doors. He used a Milwaukee Sawzall reciprocating power saw to cut the bolts or rivets holding the sign ont o the side of the building. During the cutting, the employee fell 16 feet to the concrete sidewalk where he'd spread a drop cloth. A witness sitting in his car waiting to pick up his wife noticed the employee was struggling on the ladder wi th the saw and the sign. As the sign broke free from the wall, the employee fell about 16 feet. He suffered multiple fractures and dislocations to both arms, fr actured ribs, facial and cranial fractures, fractured vertebrae in his neck, and hematoma.  The employee was hospitalized and underwent surgery; however, he die d on July 1, 2017 from a pulmonary embolism received due his injuries and lack o f mobility following release from the hospital.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:45 a.m. on May 11, 2015, an employee was operating a TS6.120 New Holland Tr actor and had to drive the tractor approximately 1,500 feet from a location wher e the tractor had sat over the weekend.   The employee started up a steep hill a nd come to a section of trees that was to narrow for him to get the tractor thro ugh.  The employee backed the tractor up and made a left turn to travel along a steep ridge when the tractor started to slide down the hill and eventually rolle d  approximately 35 feet down the hill.  A 25 lb fire extinguisher came loose in the cab and struck the employee in several areas of his body.  The employee was admitted to RMC Hospital located in Anniston, AL, with three broken ribs and a broken left clavicle.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:16 p.m. on April 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing work at a university building.  He was installing the final s crews on the roof structure when he lost his footing and slid off the building, a fall height of approximately 8 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Empl oyee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for fractu res to his left wrist and left hip.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on July 11, 2019, an employee was operating an electr ic pallet jack. The employee stepped off of the pallet jack prior to bringing it to a complete stop and caught the lower left leg/ankle between the pallet jack and racking.   The employee sustained a laceration to the lower left leg and was hospitalized for these injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:10 p.m. on August 16, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection and fabrication company, was engaged in equipment maintenance.  He was performing a drill bit changeover on a Voortman machine when the drill bit fell onto the floo r.  Employee #1 crossed over the machine conveyor, and at the same moment a beam was ejected.  The beam struck his right leg.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture to his right leg and ankle.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on August 24, 2016, Employee #1 was taking down a lad der when it made contact with a power pole and the employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:40 a.m. on June 28, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a job site, a power plant.  He was operating a DeWalt angle grin der and cutting the edge of a metal slab when the grinder kicked back and struck his knee.  Employee #1 required treatment for a laceration to the knee, but he did not require hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 19, 2022, an employee was pulling a sewing table to the end of the truck trailer bed. The employee fell out of the trailer while pulling a sewing machine to the end of the trailer.  The sewing machine fell out of the tr ailer along with the employee and fractured the employee's back. The sewing tabl e fell on the employee, and the employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on March 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer job site.  He was operating a pipe saw and attem pting to cut through a curb when the saw blade hit an underground electrical pow er line.  An electric arc flash ensued, and Employee #1 was burned.  Emergency s ervices were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he w as admitted and treated for burns to his face, hands, and leg.
fall_nonfatal	At 7:15 a.m. on April 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a lumber company, was w orking at a residential construction site.  He fell through a hole in the stairs , falling from the first floor to the basement.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated f or injuries to his head, ribs, and hip.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on June 18, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was working from an 8-foot Type A ladder at a residential construction jobsite.  He was drilling a hole in a ceiling joist in preparation for installing sprinkler t ubing.  The electric power drill he was using locked up.  The employee lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 4 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured right collarbone and a small brai n hemorrhage.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 23, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roo fing company, were installing a drip edge on the roof of a new two-story residen tial building as part of a multiemployer construction project.  Employee #1 slip ped and fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  He first struck a brick wall and then t he ground.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where h e was admitted for treatment of a fractured spine and a brain hemorrhage.
caught_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on November 8, 2017, an employee was reaching down into a septic t ank approximately 3 to 4 feet to grab an alarm unit in order to replace it.  The employee fell into the septic tank, head first.  Once extricated, it was learne d that the employee was also submerged in septic water from his head and just pa st the shoulders.  Findings indicate the employee died due to asphyxiation and/o r suffocation.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 17, 2018, an employee was working from a scaffold (Perr y) while taping off a wall in preparation for painting. At some point, the emplo yee fell twenty-three inches from the scaffold and received a hip fracture. The employee was hospitalized for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on January 4, 2018, Employee #1, part of a multiemployer roadwork construction project, was standing on the dirt alongside a road.  A coworker, em ployed by another employer, was assembling PVC piping for installation in a tren ch.  A pickup truck travelling down the road veered off and onto the dirt.  The truck, moving at approximately 10 to 20 miles per hour, struck Employee #1.  Eme rgency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, ad mitted, and treated for blunt force injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:45 a.m. on July 26, 2010, Employee #1, a forklift operator, was operating a stand-up forklift, Company Truck Number 49, Serial Number 1A231194 to load and unload boxes from storage racks. When Employee #1 turned into an aisle, the forklift skidded on the wet floor and crashed into a set of racks. The left foot of Employee #1 became caught between the forklift and a rack and sustained a laceration. Employee #1 was transported to the Los Angeles County Medical Center and was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on June 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contractor , was engaged in installation work at a two-story multifamily residential buildi ng.  He was preparing to move his tools and a portable stepladder from one work location on the first floor to another in the lobby.  The employee lost his foot ing and fell down a single flight of stairs onto a concrete floor.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to both legs.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 19, 2018, an employee and a coworker were unloading se veral 22 foot long by 16 inch diameter PVC water pipes from a trailer. As the em ployee and the coworker were located on the trailer, manually pushing one of the pipes off the trailer, the pipe became hung up and swung back. The employee was struck by the pipe and knocked from the trailer, striking his head on the aspha lt roadway beneath the trailer. The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on November 29, 2018, an employee was setting up roofing materials on the second story of a residential home. At some point, the employee slipped, lost his  balance and fell approximately twenty feet. The employee was hospital ized for fractures to ribs and both feet.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 22, 2019, Employee #1, the carpentry foreman, and Empl oyee #2, the project superintendent, employed by a construction company, were co nducting a walk-through of a new two-story residential structure to evaluate pro gress on the interior construction work.  They were descending a set of temporar y stairs from the upper level to the first floor when the stairs collapsed.  Bot h employees fell, a fall height of approximately 15 feet, and struck the basemen t surface.  Emergency services transported the employees to the hospital.  Emplo yee #1 was admitted for treatment of traumatic head injuries, including a concus sion and facial nerve damage.  Employee #2 was treated for a fractured wrist and released without hospitalization.
caught_fatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on November 13, 2013, Employee #1 was assigned to dr ive a water truck and was working at a construction site. The construction site was in its early developmental stages of becoming a bus depot for a school distr ict. Employee #1 climbed up onto a 2006 Bomag Compactor roller and began to oper ate it. He drove the roller backwards on a dirt road that was being leveled. For unknown reasons, the roller went off an uneven slope and turned over to its lef t side. Employee #1 was pinned down by the left side of the roller's canopy fram e. The frame crushed Employee #1's head, killing him.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on May 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an energy services compan y, was changing out the neutral line on a power line.  A high voltage electric a rc flash occurred as he was working near the second pole.  The employee sustaine d major burns to his hands and wrists.  He was transported to the hospital and a dmitted for treatment of the burns.
struck_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 26, 2018, an employee was repairing a roof of a single-sto ry residence. As he was on the roof, an approximate height of 15.5 feet, the emp loyee fell and landed on the concrete driveway below. The employee received a br oken wrist and injured his head that resulted in hemorrhaging to the brain. The employee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on January 28, 2022, an employee was warming up an auger in prepara tion for unloading a feed truck into a customer's feed bin. While warming up the auger, the employee forcefully opened up the vertical auger service door. The a uger flighting caught and pulled the employee's right gloved hand into the mecha nism. The employee amputated of his index finger and lacerated his ring finger a nd was hospitalized. The employee required surgical amputation of his ring finge r.
caught_fatal	On April 30, 2012, Employee #1, with Walsh Construction, was placing bridge girders and beams while working on a temporary ramp leading to a bridge. Employee #1 was working from an aerial lift. Employee #1 was positioning the aerial lift and was pinned between the basket and a bridge steel beam. He was found unresponsive and died a week later.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 22, 2019, Employees #1, #2, and #3, employed by a construct ion company, were attempting to install a grain bin roof structure from an eleva ted work platform.  High winds caught the erection material, causing the steel c enter pole to collapse.   The three employees and the erection material fell.  E mergency services transported the employees to the hospital, where they were adm itted for treatment of multiple fractures and contusions.
caught_fatal	At 6:22 p.m. on December 31, 2014, Employee #1 was standing on a loading dock, w aiting for the truck driver to back the semi-truck all the way into the dock. Th e employee tried to call the truck driver by cell phone to see why he had stoppe d short of the dock, but got no response. After a few minutes, Employee #1 decid ed to jump down between the dock and trailer and go talk to the driver. At that moment, the truck began backing up, crushing Employee #1 between the semi-truck and the loading dock, killing the employee.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on March 18, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing repair work at a one-story residence.  He was removing shingl es from the porch shed roof when he came into contact with an energized resident ial power line.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 6:30 a.m. on June 1, 2020, an employee was working to receive trusses and at some point fell approximately twelve and a half feet through a hole. The employe e was killed by the unspecified injuries sustained.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:45 p.m. on October 2, 2014, an employee was backing a semi-en d dump truck with the dump bed raised to unload concrete debris. The right rear tire wheel of dump end trailer bounced up over a slab of concrete debris disturb ing the stability of the trailer and causing a dynamic rollover of the entire ri g. The employee's head and chest struck the inside of truck cab when the truck r olled over, and the employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on December 11, 2014, Employee #1 was loading passenger cars and va ns onto a vehicle transportation trailer. All 7 vehicles were loaded, and the em ployee was lowering the trailer's rear section to allow for safe transport with roadway clearances when the hydraulic mechanism became stuck. Employee #1, stand ing on the elevated vehicle tracks, tried to manually loosen the set screw with a socket wrench. The employee had to reach over his head to put the socket wrenc h into a visually obscured recess to loosen the set screw. The employee slipped and fell between the vehicle sections, hitting his head on the metal transporter trailer and then the asphalt pavement, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:50 p.m. on August 30, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a comp any that provided electrical construction services, were part of a crew assigned to install a 7 feet by 14 feet by 8 feet vault in an excavation.  They used a d ouble stacked trench box to provide cave-in protection during the installation. After setting the vault, they began to remove the trench box.  Employee #1 and Coworker #1 were working in the trench box, kneeling on top of the vault and rem oving nuts and bolts, when Employee #1's right hand became caught between a nut and the bottom shield of the trench box.  Emergency services were called, and Em ployee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation of his index finger.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on August 20, 2019, Employee #1 was walking on the roof, looking f or his supervisor. The employee fell through a skylight and struck the storage r ack below. He was killed as a result of the fall, sustaining multiple organ syst em damage and head trauma.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:45 p.m. on January 28, 2022, Employee #1 was attempting to move a scissors lift while standing on the ground next to the lift. Employee #1's foot got caugh t in between a tire and the tire well, resulting on severe laceration to the emp loyee's foot.  The employee was treated without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on September 27, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a highway excavation project.  He was walking behind an exca vator that was moving in reverse when he was struck by the excavator, which ran over his lower leg.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital , where his crushed lower leg required surgical amputation.
fall_fatal	At 8:50 a.m. on February 21, 2019, an employee was covering an exposed roof afte r its tiles were removed with tarps to prevent water damage. During work, the em ployee lost his footing and fell. He struck his head on  a concrete floor and wa s killed.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on January 14, 2020, Employee #1, a maintenance employee, was chan ging a hydraulic hose on a scissor lift while under load. After he disconnected the line, the safety blocks failed and the lift collapsed onto the employee. The employee was, then,  transported to the local hospital, and the incident was in itially reported as a referral. On or about January 27, 2020, the employee died from his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 20, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in re-roofing activity at an existing two-story residential structure, a multi-employer renovation project.  He was walking on the roof and carrying ol d shingles that had been removed from the roof when he fell, a fall height of 13 feet, and struck his head on the concrete surface.  Employee #1 sustained a fra ctured skull and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 12:50 p.m. on June 29, 2016 an employee was performing punch list duties on t he 2nd floor level of an apartment.  The employee fell thru a floor opening from the 2nd floor level to the 1st floor level, approximately 10 feet, and was kill ed by blunt force injuries to the head, neck, and torso including skull fracture s, scalp laceration, cervical vertebral fracture, and thoracic vertebral fractur e.
electrocution_fatal	On April 25, 2005, Employee #1, a building maintenance employee, was working from an aluminum extension ladder, at an estimated height of 10 feet to 14 feet. According to the employer, Employee #1 was trying to determine the origin of excess power usage in a vacant property. Employee #1 fell from the ladder and was killed. According to the County Medical Examiner's Office, Employee #1 sustained burns and blisters, consistent with an electrical shock, on the inside of his left palm and fingers. Preliminary findings indicated that electrical shock was not the cause of death. The cause of death was head injuries sustained after Employee #1 fell from the ladder and impacted the concrete floor.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on June 29, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworkers #1, a foreman, and #2, employed by a property management company, were working at a two-story residence .  Employee #1, who normally worked on the ground, was assisting Coworkers #1 an d #2 to secure a tarp on the building's roof before a rain storm.  Employee #1 h ad no training in fall protection and was not wearing fall protection while on t he roof.  He fell two stories.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for crushing injur ies along his entire right side.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on August 20, 2019, an employee was operating a forklift that was r emoving palletized merchandise within the warehouse and put the forklift into re verse while it was near an open loading dock door.  The employee was ejected fro m the cab as it fell off of the edge of the loading dock and struck his head on the ground, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	On February 18, 2004, Employees #1 and #2, of D.E.L. Construction, were using a 21 ft tall, tubular welded-framed scaffold to build a brick wall. They were on opposite ends of the scaffold and were using a metal tape measure to mark anchor points for bracing when Employee #1's started to back up. His head struck a 7,250-volt overhead power line that was approximately 5 ft to 8 ft above the scaffold. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2 suffered an electric shock and was transported to the hospital, where he was treated and monitored overnight.
struck_fatal	At 7:48 a.m. on April 3, 2017, an employee was setting a 4 by 4 wood dunnage in the ground in preparation of a steel girder, measuring approximately 56 feet lon g by 6 feet high and weighing approximately 19,770 pounds, to be lowered down on to the dunnage. As an untrained worker operated a Taylor Machine Works powered industrial truck rated for 18,000 pounds (model number: TX180S; serial Number: S CA34929) to lower the steel grinder onto the dunnage, an issue occurred. The emp loyee then inserted a small I-beam on the east side of the girder, that was tall er than the wood dunnage, to allow the forklift to lower the girder on to it.  D uring lowering, the girder fell forward from the forklift and struck the worker in the head. The employee was killed from blunt force trauma to his head, causin g a severe laceration on his forehead.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:40 a.m. on May 22, 2018, an employee was removing dirt from around the cap of an eight inch C900 water line. While manually shoving the dirt from the cap, the cap blew off and struck the employee's knee. The employee was taken to a loc al hospital for treatment of an unspecified knee injury.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on March23, 2017, an employee was in transit to his w ork area at the beginning of his shift and was climbing a ladder from the first floor to the second floor. The employee was the third individual to ascend the l adder. He made it approximately 75 percent of the way up the ladder when he miss ed a ladder rung with his foot. The employee fell approximately 10 feet to the g round striking his head on the concrete floor below. The employee suffered head trauma and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on September 21, 2018, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contr actor, was engaged in electrical work at a retail shopping mall.  He was working from a portable 10-foot ladder and performing repairs/maintenance on an energiz ed junction box and a two-bulb fluorescent light fixture when he sustained an el ectric shock.  The employee fell from the ladder.  Emergency services transporte d the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for head and b ack injuries and fractures to multiple ribs and the collarbone.
fall_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on October 14, 2018, an employee was replacing metal roof systems a nd moved towards the center of the structure to retrieve some tools.  The employ ee fell 23 feet when the decking underneath him collapsed and the employee was k illed when he struck his head on the concrete floor.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 8:21 a.m. on December 18, 2013, Employee #1 and Employee #2, carpenters employed by a construction company, were engaged in interior carpentry at a commercial building. They were cutting "cookies" on a joist. Employee #1 and Employee #2 fell to the concrete floor, a fall height of approximately 16 feet. Emergency services were called, and the Ventura County Fire Department responded. The workers were transported to the hospital, where both were admitted and treated. Employee #1 required treatment for a fractured wrist and a fractured coccyx (tailbone). Employee #1 required treatment for multiple unspecified fractures. The Ventura County Fire Department reported this event to Cal/OSHA at 12:28 p.m. on December 18, 2013. The subsequent investigation determined that the employer was a construction company specializing in light commercial framing. The investigation concluded that Employee #1 and Employee #1 were working on a 30-foot joist that was approximately 16 feet from the concrete floor, and this joist was not securely braced or supported.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on March 6, 2017, an employee was working on the roof of a two-stor y apartment complex, applying tar. As he was located near the unprotected side o f the roof, he lost his footing and fell 19 feet to ground. The employee sustain ed multiple contusions and rib fractures, which he was hospitalized and received treatment for his injuries.  The incident investigation revealed that the emplo yee was not wearing fall protection.
fall_nonfatal	On July 19, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by an information techno logy services company, were installing a roof hatch at a work site.  Employee #1 lifted one end of the roof hatch to insert a wood board underneath the edge.  H e slipped on some insulation and slid the roof hatch forward, exposing an open h ole.  Employee #1 fell through the hole, a fall height of approximately 16.5 fee t.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration above his eye.
struck_fatal	At 2:57 p.m. on February 11, 2015, an employee was recovering a disabled vehicle on Interstate 90 at mile marker 89.9 in the far right Break Down lane.  The emp loyee had just hooked up to the frame and was preparing to pull the vehicle up o nto the flatbed when a large box truck veered out of the far right hand travel l ane and struck the tow truck, catching the employee between the box truck and th e body of the tow truck.  The employee was ejected when the two vehicles pulled apart and landed in the far right lane of travel.  Injuries consisted of multipl e fractures, crushed internal organs, abrasions, contusions, and severe hemorrha ging.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on June 13, 2008, Employee #1, and two coworkers were installing a 6 ft by 7 ft wooden deck, outside of a former grocery store. The grocery store was being remolded to be a party supply store. One coworker was installing a 40 in. tall, and 2 in. by 4 in. board into the side of the metal building, using a battery operated drill with self tapping screws. The coworker contacted something on the other side of the wall that prevented the screw from going completely into the board. Employee #1 went inside the building to see what was preventing the screw from going through the wall. On the inside of the building there was a walk-in cooler that had been set in place, but that was not connected to a power source. The cooler was 20 in. away from the wall. The two coworkers were outside and heard Employee #1 fall to the ground. They went inside to see what had happened and saw the employee slumped down between the doorway, cooler, and back wall. The two coworkers pulled him out and laid him flat in front of the doorway. When the two coworkers pulled him out, they both felt an electric shock. One coworker began performing CPR while the other coworker ran and turned off the main electrical disconnect to the building. Local emergency medical services responded to the scene and the employee was taken to West Virginia University Hospital. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at the hospital, and his body was transported to West Virginia State Medical Examiner Office. The cause of death was determined to be due to electrocution.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on February 28, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at the site of a two-story residential structure.  He was opera ting an unguarded Delta Sidekick 8.25-inch Table Saw and cutting wood when his l eft thumb came into contact with the saw's blade.  The tip of his thumb was ampu tated.  Employee #1 received hospital treatment for his injury and was released without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 20, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construct ion company, was setting concrete forms at a multi-employer construction project , a new commercial building.  His middle finger became caught between a whaler a nd a form.  Employee #1 required treatment for a finger laceration.  He was not hospitalized.
caught_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 25, 2021, an employee was using hand tools to level the bottom of a seven foot deep double grave. The west wall of the grave collapsed crushing and killing the employee.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 26, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a remodeling company, was engaged in a waterproofing project at a multifamily residential building. He was carrying a bucket of hot tar when he tripped and fell, and hot tar splash ed over his left hand burn.  The employee was transported to the hospital and ad mitted for treatment of burns.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on October 12, 2018, an employee was moving some plates on the roof of a building and he fell through a roof opening.  The employee struck his face on a steel roof beam and continued to fall to the ground.  The employee was kil led.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:49 a.m. on April 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was performing roofing work at a two-story residential home remodeling.  He was climbing an extension ladder while carrying roofing materials in one hand.  Emp loyee #1 was approximately half way up the ladder when his foot slipped on a wet rung.  Employee #1 fell approximately 20 to 25 feet.  Emergency services were c alled, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and tre ated for back abrasions and a spinal hematoma.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on May 4, 2019, an employee installed exterior finish siding to a residence working from a scaffold. At some point, the employee fell approximatel y twenty feet into the gap between the residence and the scaffold platform. The employee was hospitalized for surgery to treat back injuries received.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on September 12, 2018, two employees are installing a jumper betwe en power lines. While working, an arc flash occurs that injures both employees. The employees receive second degree burns to their arms and legs.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:10 a.m. on January 30, 2009, Employee #1, of TC Construction Company, was working at a trench area. He was standing on top of the trench box installing a 12 foot steel plate for the end of the box. A 460 excavator was being used to maneuver the steel plate and struck the trench box, causing Employee #1 to fall between the box and the trench walls. He was hospitalized for fractures and other unspecified injuries.
caught_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 20, 2021, an employee and a Coworker, both Truck Drivers working as independant contractors, were in the process of delivering vehicles to the a commercial motor vehicle testing facility. The employee was was inside the trailer raising and lowering one of the moveable ramps to offload the requir ed vehicles while the coworker worked outside the trailer observing the employee as as he moved the ramp. The employee had raised one of the movable platforms w ith a wireless remote control. When the employee tried to lower the platform wit h the remote, he told his coworker that the ramp was not moving and told the cow orker that the ramp was "hung up". The coworker stated that after telling him th e ramp was "hung up", the employee went to the forward ramp, which had a vehicle on it, to see what the problem was when the ramp suddenly dropped and trapped h is head between the 2 ramps. The coworker called for help and coworkers at the f acility responded and attempted to open the ramp in order to rescue the employee . They were able to free the employee from between the ramps and attempted first aid procedures until first responders arrived to continue first aid measures. T he employee was killed onsite from blunt force trauma to the head and neck.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:40 p.m. on March 22, 2019, an employee was kneeling between the rear end of an aircraft tug and the crane outriggers.  The employee was struck when the bac k end of the tug swung toward him and pinned him between the tug and the crane's outriggers.  The employee fractured his jaw as well as several ribs and sustain ed a collapsed lung.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On January 12, 2013, Employee #1 was installing un-energized electrical cable from a 12 ft stepladder. As he worked, he lost his balance and fell. Employee #1 sustained blunt force trauma in the fall and died.
caught_fatal	On January 27, 2012, Employee #1, an over the road heavy duty trailer truck driver for Venture Express, Inc., was delivering steel to a steel service center. During the unloading process, the driver was caught between an elevated steel coil and the edge of the trailer fatally injuring the driver.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on August 6, 2018, an employee was driving a stand up forklift truc k and lost control of it, crashing into a concrete foundation.  The employee cru shed his leg between the forklift and foundation, amputating it.  The employee w as hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:50 a.m. on February 21, 2019, an employee and two coworkers made wedge cut s into a thirty-inch diameter tree. When the tree fell in the opposite direction the employee expected, the employee was struck by the tree and was hospitalized with seven rib fractures, lung puncture and left knee sprain.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on September 11, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a construct ion company, were on the roof of a one-story commercial building.  They were ins talling roof sheathing when the panels spread apart and both employees fell to t he concrete ground, a fall height of approximately 22 feet 6 inches.  Emergency services were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital a nd admitted.  Employee #1 was treated for a fractured skull, fractured right leg , fractures to both feet, bruised lung, and fractured left eye socket.  Employee #2 was treated for a fractured left arm, fractured pelvis, fractured ribs, and a laceration to the forehead.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 4, 2018, an employee was cleaning the form and fell off of the barge, drowning him.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on January 4, 2013, Employee #1, a 31-year-old laborer employed by Pacific Hydrotech, was working at a public works project, a water and sewer treatment plant where his employer was building a new underground sewer pump house and pit. Employee #1 had climbed to a height of approximately 13 feet on a 20-foot-high concrete form and had tied off to the form. Coworkers #1 and #2 were working on the opposite side of the concrete wall to remove a 4-foot section of the forms. Employee #1 was told to remove two taper ties on his side of the wall by hammering them back through the concrete toward the two coworkers. After Employee #1 removed the last of the two ties, there was nothing holding the form onto the concrete wall. Other pins that should have still been in place on the formworks, and that would have held it in place after the taper ties were removed, had been removed previously. The concrete form to which Employee #1 was tied came loose and tipped backward approximately 7 feet onto the steel beam and plate shoring on the opposite side, pinning him against the steel wall and causing injuries. Employee #1 was transported to Scripps Mercy Hospital, where he was hospitalized and treated for a back injury and fractured ribs. The employer reported this event to Cal/OSHA at 4:45 p.m. on January 4, 2013. Employee #1 was released from the hospital on January 5, 2013.
caught_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on September 22, 2016, an employee was using a vehicle mounted buck et lift to remove a gas pump topper. The employee was looking over the edge of t he bucket and moving the bucking upwards when his neck became caught between the edge of the bucket and the canopy above. For unknown reasons, the bucket could not be lowered using the controls mounted near the bucket or the remote controls . The employee was killed by asphyxiation.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on January 13, 2021, Employee #1 and a coworker were working at hei ght and preparing to install a framed wall for a three-story multifamily residen tial structure.  Both were wearing fall protection, but there was excess slack i n their lifelines.  The coworker lost his balance, and both employees fell into an unguarded stairwell.   Employee #1 fell 15 feet and struck a landing.  He req uired hospitalization for injuries that included fractures to four ribs, a thumb , a foot, and part of his face.  The coworker also fell, but from a different an chor point, and his fall arrest system caught him.  He struck the ground but wit h reduced force, and he did not sustain injuries.
struck_fatal	At 2:52 p.m. on October 18, 2016, an employee was dumping a load of dirt and the trailer of an adjacent rig fell on tractor pinning the employee in cab. The emp loyee was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 02:30 p.m. on August 18, 2017, an employee was attaching a bent plate to a st eel I-beam.  At this time, the I-beam inadvertently, tipped over onto it's side and crushed his finger between the I-beam and skid.  As a result, the employee s ustained an amputation to his left index finger.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on February 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction frami ng company, was working at a multifamily residential building site.  He was stan ding on a truss above the second floor of a unit and operating a nail gun.  Empl oyee #1 slipped from the truss, fell between an 2-foot gap between the truss he was standing on and the next truss, and fell to the stairwell landing on the sec ond level of the unit below, a fall height of approximately 11 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was a dmitted and treated for a fractured right leg and contusions and abrasions to hi s upper front and back torso and arms.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 9, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a drywall company, wa s installing walls at a commercial building.  He was using a Mark V Texspray tex ture spray gun to spray drywall mud on stairwell walls when the nozzle of the sp rayer tip became plugged.  As he attempted to clear the nozzle, Employee #1's ri ght palm was struck by the spray.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a laceration to his right hand.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on February 8, 2017, 5 employees were working at a landfill.  A lan dslide occurred at the  compacting equipment, with the operator still inside, un der tons of garbage.  The employee could not be located until 2/10/17, when he w as found deceased, inside the compacting equipment he had been operating. The em ployee was asphyxiated.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on January 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was preparing to conduct welding on the second floor edge of a three-story co mmercial building that was being constructed.  He was standing on a work platfor m that was being lifted on the forks of a forklift.  The work platform slid off the forks, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for bruising to his lungs and side torso.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on February 2, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a sewer/water treatment plant.  He was engaged in installing a new 18-inch water pipeline when an excavator bucket fell from its connection, r olled down an embankment, and struck Employee #1, pinning him against the water line.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the ho spital.  He was admitted and treated for ankle sprains and contusions of his kne es and legs.
electrocution_nonfatal	On February 13, 2007, Employee #1 and two coworkers were changing a crossarm on a power pole. Employee #1 was repositioning himself on the pole by moving up and between the crossarm braces for better access to the phase line. As he was working, his right forearm contacted the phase line. Employee #1 suffered an electric shock, with the current exiting above his left ankle. He sustained injuries, for which he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 was electrocuted when a dump truck bed contacted an overhead power line.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on February 5, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y in the oil and gas pipeline industry, was installing chocks as part of a new p ipeline installation.  A pipe casing rolled onto the employee, causing multiple contusions.  Employee #1 received treatment for his injuries but was not hospita lized.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on June 5, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in concrete form installation on a wooden dock.  The concrete pile h e was guiding was being lifted by a 100-ton crane.  The crane tipped over onto t he dock, causing Employee #1 to fall into the water.  Employee #1 was rescued fr om the water and transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for fractured ribs and abrasions to his arms.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on March 21, 2014, Employee #1 was applying sealant to road construction seams when he was struck by a dump truck. Employee #1 was k illed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 3, 2019, an employee was working for an electric utility. He was working at a construction project. A single-story building was undergoing a lteration or rehabilitation. HVAC or similar equipment was being installed. The employee was installing a new 277/480-volt three-phase meter on a fire pump line . The line was energized. After the meter had been set in place, but before it h ad been fully engaged, an arc flash occurred. The employee suffered second- and third-degree burns to the exposed areas of his face and hands. He was hospitaliz ed.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:42 a.m. on December 10, 2021, an employee climbed the side of a metal scaf fold while holding a pressure washer sprayer. While climbing, the employee slipp ed and fell approximately fifteen feet. The employee was taken to the hospital d ue to back pain and was treated without hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 10, 2015 Employee #1 was working alone hanging drywall from a mobile interior scaffold inside a room of a building. When last seen, Emp loyee #1 was on the scaffold platform approximately 5.7 feet above the concrete floor. The employee was screwing drywall to the wall using an electric screw gun . A coworker, working in another room, heard Employee #1 yell and then heard a c rash. The coworker found Employee #1 unconscious on the floor with a small pool of blood around his head.  The scaffold was tipped over and was partially on top of Employee #1. The coworker called emergency medical service (EMS) and waited for EMS. The EMS transported Employee #1 to the hospital. Employee #1 died at th e hospital on December 16, 2015 from craniocerebral injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on October 31, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a commercial real est ate company, was performing his routine duties, including building maintenance. He began repairing a lighting fixture that was located approximately 11 feet abo ve the walking surface. Directly behind the lighting fixture was the room where the junction box with energized electrical wires were located. Employee #1 used an approximately 8 foot, a-frame, step ladder to gain access to the junction box containing the electrical connections. During the course of his work, he came i nto contact with the energized electrical wires. He fell off of the ladder from the electric shock and received fractures and a concussion. Employee #1's injuri es were treated at the hospital.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on November 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a home improvement co mpany, was working at a two-story residential structure. He was working from a l adder jack scaffold and installing metal siding when he fell. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted a nd treated for a concussion and multiple fractures.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on February 17, 2022, Employee #1 was kneeling near a manhole in t he middle of a  road assisting another person working inside the manhole. Employ ee #1 was struck by a concrete truck operating at the site, and was hospitalized and treated for broken femur and pelvis.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m., on October 28, 2008, Employee #1 was digging a trench for electrical lines. The temperature was 100.7 degrees Fahrenheit and the relative humidity was 71. Employee #1 felt cramps in his whole body and then he collapsed. He was hospitalized for two days due to heat exhaustion.
fall_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on June 29, 2016, an employee was caulking while positioned on a b aker scaffold.  The employee fell from the scaffold approximately 5 to 6 feet to the concrete floor, suffered a head injury and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on September 26, 2018, an employee was removing and installing well points in an excavation. While working, a forty-two inch iron pipe ricocheted a nd caught the employee between the pipe and a Stinger. The employee sustained mu ltiple hip fractures.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 and a coworker were called out on a downed power line call. One of the arms on the power pole had broken off causing the live power line to sag between two other poles. The sagging power line was at height of approximately three feet at its lowest point which was at the pole with the broken arm. Employee #1 and the coworker were assessing the job to determine a plan of action when the Employee #1 inadvertently walked into the power line while looking up at the damaged arm.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on July 26, 2022, an employee was climbing into a trench. The emplo yee climbed onto the end of the trench box (spreader bars), and one side of the two point sling came unhooked from the trench box, causing the box to fall and p in the employee between the spreader bars and wall of the trench. The employee w as killed due to a crushed chest and head.
fall_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on December 20, 2018, an employee was removing an air conditioner u nit from the window while standing on a mobile scaffold and the employee fell fr om scaffold platform.  The employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on December 9, 2013 an employee was dumping construction debris at a landfill. The employee was operating a 100 yd Mack trailer with a Keith Steel V Walking Floor.  After he dumped the debris, he exited the cab to remove remain ing debris from the trailer. While removing the remaining construction debris fr om the rear of the trailer, the employee was struck by a Caterpillar 836H Compac tor which was backing up.  The employee was killed when he was caught between th e Mack Trailer and the rear of the Compactor. The employee suffered a right hip and pelvis fracture, evisceration of the upper chest, a linear forearm contusion , a left forearm contusion, a linear left shoulder contusion, a second eviscerat ion of the right upper chest, and linear contusions on the back.
electrocution_nonfatal	On August 7, 2002, Employee #1 was using a boom truck and steel chain to set guardrails when the boom contacted a 5,000-volt overhead power line. Employee #1 received an electric shock, sustaining injuries that required hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on November 7, 2017, an employee was working for a painting company , assigned to perform painting at a residence. The employee was assigned to pain t the eve of the residence front porch. Using an 8 foot stepladder, which was re sting on the top of the pitched roof, the employee accessed the eve. During work , the employee slipped and fell approximately 20 feet to a concrete patio. The e mployee was not wearing fall protection. The employee sustained a compound fract ure, resulting in hospitalization for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on February 18, 2019, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a framin g contractor, was framing an addition to a hotel above the concrete swimming poo l.  He was standing on a wood beam that had been lifted to the roof.  He was att empting to set the beam in place.  The wood beam measured 10.5 inches wide, 28 i nches deep, and approximately 40 feet long.  The employee, who was not using any form of fall protection, lost his balance and fell from the beam to the concret e, a fall height of 15.75 feet.  He struck his head on the concrete.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated - including surgery - for blunt force traumatic brain injury.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on March 2, 2017, Employee #1, the owner of the company, backed th e forklift onto a ramp that was connected to a trailer to inspect for leaks. Whi le he was inspecting it, the forklift rolled forward, pinning him underneath the machine. Employee #1 sustained upper body injuries and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 3:48 p.m. on July 2, 2022, an employee was sweeping the roof. The employee fe ll off the roof a distance of 11 feet 8 inches. The employee struck his head on the concrete floor and was killed.  The task at the site involved the repair of an existing roof, and the employees were in the process of tearing off the old r oof.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 p.m. on February 27, 2017, an employee was walking in a parking lot to l ocate an empty trailer when he was struck by a truck. The employee was pinned be tween the truck and a trailer, sustaining fractures to his chest and face. He wa s hospitalized and received treatment for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On March 23, 2009, Employee #1 was repairing a sewer line that was located between two residential homes. He was working in a trench that measured 20.92 feet long. Its width ranged between 2.5 to 4.5 feet, and its depth between 3.5 to 8.17 feet. As he accessed the trench to retrieve a gas pull, the north east side wall of the trench collapsed, trapping Employee #1 for approximately six hours before being discovered. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on February 13, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was engaged in framing two residential structures, each two stories, on a si ngle lot.  This was a multiemployer construction project.  The employee, without using any form of fall protection, was walking on roof trusses of one structure when he fell, a fall height of 20 feet.  He sustained blunt force traumatic inj uries to his face and the back of his head.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he died at approximately 6:00 p.m.   The hospital's blood toxic ology report showed evidence that he was intoxicated at the time of death.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 14, 2021, Employee #1 was using a VE460 Roll Grooving T ool to groove a piece of 10 inches by 2 feet steel pipe.  With his foot still on the activation pedal, he reached his hands into the machine to check the groove .  He inadvertently pressed the foot pedal with his hands in the machine, and th e fourth finger on his left hand was amputated.  The employee received medical t reatment for the amputation but was not hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on October 27, 2018, an employee was using his foot to kick debris, preventing a side plate on a cold planer (Caterpillar PM622) from laying flush with the ground, out of the way. At some point, the employee's foot became caugh t in the rotating drum of the milling machine which amputated two of the employe e's toes. The entry did not indicate whether the employee was hospitalized or no t, but due to the nature of the injuries, it is likely that he was.
electrocution_fatal	On July 8, 2005, Employee #1 was raising the boom on a concrete pump truck when the it struck some overhead power lines. The truck caught on fire and, as Employee #1 was fighting the blaze, he came in contact the truck. Employee #1 was electrocuted. Employee #2, from another company, attempted to rescue Employee #1. He sustained injuries that did not require hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on July 23, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was engaged in interior plumbing work at a multiemployer construction project, a uni versity building that was being renovated.  The employee was using a portable ba ndsaw to cut a section of pipe when the saw jumped and its blade amputated the l eft finger.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where hospitalization and treatment were provided for the amputation.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 20, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker were engaged in rehabil itation work at a manufacturing plan.  Employee #1 was performing maintenance on a work truck when he was struck from behind by a roller operated by the coworke r.  Employee #1 was crushed between the truck and the roller.  He was transporte d to the hospital and admitted for treatment of fractures to the pelvis and wris t.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:25 a.m. on October 24, 2017, an employee was pulling material from an upper level of a rack and unbuckled his harness to reach items at the backside of the rack.  The employee lost his footing and fell, striking several racks before hi tting the ground.  The employee suffered head lacerations and was in a coma when he was admitted to the hospital for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 5:39 p.m. on May 30, 2009, an employee, self employed, was repainting the exterior of a three story commercial building. The employee used a boom lift to perform his task. He had the boom lift parked along the side of the street, and operated it from the basket. The employee raised the boom to about 25 feet high, and from the basket the employee used an extension pole to reach desired height. While the pole was raised, it contacted 25000 volt power line which created an arc and dropped electrical lines to the ground. The employee received an electrical shock to his left arm and left side of his body. Paramedics wee immediately called and responded to the accident. The paramedic crew operated the boom lift from the ground to bring the employee down. The employee was taken to USC County Hospital and was released after 8 hours. As a result of the accident, the employee suffered minor scratches on his left arm and no other injuries.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 27, 2017, Employee #1, a dump truck driver, was attem pting to dump a load of scrap metal. Another truck was also dumping a load, but while the load was elevated, that driver moved the trailer forward to release th e load. The elevated load moved erratically and the trailer tipped over onto the employee's cab, crushing and killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on March 16, 2019, an employee was cutting a piece of aluminum with a radial arm saw and amputated the tip of his left thumb when he struck it with the saw blade.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on February 4, 2017, Employee #1 and coworker (crane operator) were tasked with  hoisting/rigging operations involving the staging of metal and str eetlight poles, on the ground next to their designated pole foundations until fu lly erected/mounted.  While the (coworker) raised the boom of a [Manitowoc C-Ser ies Crane], e.g., boom truck crane, Employee #1's (left foot) remained on the (r im) of the crane's rear wheel, and he then grabbed a metal, streetlight pole wit h his (right) hand.  Afterwards, the hoisting cable (on the boom's topside), con tacted high voltage power lines.  Employee #1 then suffered immediate electrical shock, fell to the ground and lost consciousness. He sustained an entry wound ( palm of hand proximal to right thumb) and an exit wound (topside side of his lef t big toe), each resulting in 3rd degree burns.  Employee #1 was wearing standar d PPE, e.g., hard hat, safety glasses, gloves, steel-toed boots, and a reflectiv e class II vest.  Employee #1 was trained in "hoisting and rigging operations", but not Overhead Power Line Procedures.  Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, and then taken to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center. He was admitted and h ospitalized for 1 day.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on July 31, 2018, Employee #1 was performing interior demolition wo rk at an elevated work area inside of a partially demolished building structure. He had placed a heavy motor at the edge of an unprotected wall opening, 31 feet above the ground, with half of the motor hanging off the edge. With the assista nce of two coworkers, they pushed the motor off the edge. The motor caught on th e employees sleeve or his glove, pulling him out through the wall opening to th e ground below. No guardrails or other fall protection were observed in the area . There was a barrier at the wall opening which was a steel A-frame that went fr om floor to ceiling. Employee #1 sustained a chest compression injury after fall ing and striking an exterior stair railing that was approximately 17 feet above the ground, and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 12, 2016, an employee was placing metal sheets when the bo ttom sheet moved creating an opening through the floor.  The employee fell throu gh a floor opening to concrete floor while covering the opening with two metal d ecking sheets 3 feet by 18 feet.The employee fell 39 feet 6 inches through the f loor opening. Employee landed on his side and then rolled over. The employee was awake and breathing when emergency responders arrived.  The employee later died .
electrocution_fatal	A contractor was working in a substation for an electric utility. A laborer and alternate foreman working for the contractor was connecting a new grounding system to an existing grounding system. As he was disconnecting an existing grounding cable to get slack for the connection, he was electrocuted. (The original form did not indicate whether the employee contacted energized parts of a circuit or the grounding cable was energized by ground fault current.)
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on June 27, 2017, an employee was working as a linema n on a crew for a power transmission company tasked with removing a part from a distribution bus at a distribution substation. A crew from the distribution serv ice operator was in the process of isolating the distribution lines that were te rminated at the substation. The two crews did not properly coordinate their de-e nergization activities and the transmission crew mistakenly believed the distrib ution equipment to be properly isolated from the system. The crew did not proper ly test and ground the equipment prior to starting work. While working on the eq uipment the employee came into contact with an energized conductor and received electric shock. The employee was hospitalized and treated for electric shock.
electrocution_fatal	On August 23, 2002, Employee #1 was replacing a condenser motor and fan on a Carrier air conditioning unit when he was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 30, 2014, Employee #1 was working alone l aying bricks from a tubular welded frame scaffold.  He fell from the scaffold, a pproximately 27 feet, and died.
electrocution_fatal	On August 29, 2012, Employee #1, a 64-year-old male construction laborer, and Employee #2, a 52-year-old male construction laborer with Home Crafters of Tidewater were erecting a pump jack scaffold system to assist in stalling vinyl siding on the backside of a new construction residential garage. There was a 7.6 kilovolt, single-phase overhead high voltage line at the back of the garage located approximately twenty three feet by ten feet from the ground to the primary line and twenty four feet off the face of the garage. The garage was about twenty-inches from the gable peak to the ground. Employee #1 & #2 had erected one of the aluminum pump jack poles which was twenty three feet and nine feet in length, which ended up being directly under the primary line when erected. Employee #1 and Employee #2 did not contact the line with the first pole. While erecting the second pump jack pole, the pole struck the primary line shocking Employee #1 and Employee #2. After contacting with the second pump jack pole, the Primary line came in contact with the first pump jack pole where it remained energized until the fuse was blown at the substation. Employee #1 went into cardiac arrest and lost consciousness. Employee #1 never regained consciousness and died at the hospital seven days later. Employee #2 was taken to the hospital with burn injuries to his right arm and remained hospitalized. Workers of the roofing subcontractor discovered employee #1 and Employee #2 and summoned Emergency Medical Services.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on July 24, 2014, two employees were working for a firm that provid ed specialized local freight trucking. Using a flatbed truck, they were making a delivery to a construction site. They were standing alongside the truck, removi ng the cargo straps from some palletized loads. The palletized loads consisted o f roofing tiles. A hydraulically operated conveyer and boom system was mounted o n the bed of the truck. The operator of the truck was positioning the boom to mo ve the roofing tiles from the truck to on top of the roof. The boom came into co ntact with some overhead power lines. The two employees sustained an electric sh ock. Both employees were hospitalized. One of the employees later died of his in juries
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 12:16 p.m. on February 27, 2013, an employee, as was his usual practice, had climbed to the top edge of the mortar mixer to spray water onto stucco in the mixer. The employee was standing on the top edge of a gasoline powered mortar mixer and fell into the moving paddles while it was running. The employee was hospitalized for nineteen days. He sustained serious injuries requiring hospitalization and surgery. The mortar mixer was not guarded. The employee's work position was not appropriate of the task.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on March 29, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a waterp roofing company, were installing waterproofing material under the gutter of a on e-story commercial building.  They were working from a scissor lift approximatel y 20 feet above the paved surface.  As the work was finishing, the coworker, who was operating the lift, inadvertently backed up the lift instead of lowering it .  Employee #1 came into contact with a power line carrying 18,00 volts of elect ricity.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	On August 26, 2003, Employee #1, of Weeks Trucking, was performing his regular duties when a trailer bed was raised and contacted a 69 kilovolt overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:35 p.m. on February 6, 2019, an employee was closing the latch on trailer d oor when the dock plate moved and crushed the tip of his right hand's middle fin ger against the trailer door, amputating it.  The employee was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on March 18, 2019, an employee was climbing a ladder to work on som e electrical equipment.  The employee was transferring from one location to anot her when he grabbed onto an electrical component that was not grounded and recei ved an electric shock.  The employee sustained several electrical burns and was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:45 p.m. on November 8, 2018, an employee was troubleshooting a machine and stuck his hand in a pinch point, crushing his right hand.  The employee was hosp italized.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 31, 2018, Employee #1 ascended a ladder to access the ro of to a pole barn. While attempting to move to the roof, Employee #1 lost balanc e and fell fifteen feet onto Employee #2. Employee #1 received a leg fracture an d Employee #2 received unspecified minor injuries and were taken to a local hosp ital for treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on June 24, 2019, Employee #1 was trimming the overhang of the shin gles on the roof of a residence.  He disconnected from his Personal Fall Arrest System (PFAS) and his positioning device in order to reach the edge of the roof. The employee lost balance and fell to compacted soil, a fall height of 13 feet .  The employee was hospitalized for treatment of multiple fractures to his ribs and a spinal fracture.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:15 a.m. on June 14, 2018, Employee #1, hired through an employment agency, was operating a stand-up type reach truck designated B-218-RAYMOND, Model number EASI R 45TT-MA and Serial number EZ-B-01-21471, driving from Building B to A. H e made a left turn, lost control, and crashed into a steel guardrail that was be ing used as barrier for the belt conveyor systems. his foot was pinned between t he reach truck and guardrail, causing a crushing injury to his left foot and ank le. He was hospitalized for six days.
caught_nonfatal	At 4;00 p.m. on April 25, 2017, an employee was removing a drive shaft from the gear box of a roll press with a coworker.  The employee and coworker began rotat ing the drive shaft and the employee pinched his fingers in the flange yoke and journal cross section on the end of the drive shaft. The employee was hospitaliz ed and treated for his injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:00 a.m. on February 10, 2017, Employee #1 was moving an oil pan with an ove rhead crane.  The employee attempted to fit the oil pain between a second oil pa n and a storage rack.  The crane hook hit a support on the storage rack, causing the pan to break free from the crane hook, and fall onto the employee's right f oot. Employee #1 sustained a broken metatarsal in his foot that required surgery .
fall_fatal	At 12:45 p.m. on January 8, 2018, an employee was taking bundles of shingles ont o a roof.  The employee was climbing the ladder and fell.  The employee fracture d his skull on impact with the ground and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 1:15 p.m. on March 18, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a roofin g company, were engaged in roofing activity at a commercial construction site. As the coworker held a ladder at its base, Employee #1 climbed the ladder to gai n access to the roof.  As he attempted to secure the ladder with a bungee cord, the cord snapped, causing Employee #1 to fall.  He fell a height of 30 feet and struck the pavement. Employee #1 sustained traumatic head injuries and was kille d.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:42 a.m. on December 10, 2021, an employee climbed the side of a metal scaf fold while holding a pressure washer sprayer. While climbing, the employee slipp ed and fell approximately fifteen feet. The employee was taken to the hospital d ue to back pain and was treated without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on August 9, 2018, an employee was directing the operator of a pow ered industrial truck (forklift) come towards him. At some point in the operatio n, the fork of the forklift pinched the left great toe of the employee. The empl oyee was hospitalized for an amputation of the toe.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company , was working on his knees inside a water tank.  He was operating a Dewalt 4011 Angle Grinder, Type 1, 120 V, 50/60 HZ, 12000 RPM with a Pro Star Cut Off Wheel, diameter 4.5, thickness 0.45 inches, max RPM 13300, and cutting off welding tac ks inside the water tank.  The angle grinder kicked back, and the cut off wheel struck and cut Employee #1's right knee and lower hamstring.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for lacerations that damaged bone and tendon in his leg and knee.
caught_nonfatal	At 5:30 a.m. on October 14, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a stand up forklift. As the employee was heading toward an end cap, he put his foot out to stop the forklift before it hit the end cap. His ankle was crushed between the steel end cap and the body of the forklift, fracturing his left ankle. Employee #1 was hos pitalized for his injury.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 8, 2022, an employee worked to install a sheet of plywoo d onto trusses. One of the trusses moved and the plywood broke causing the emplo yee to fall approximately twenty-five feet. The employee received head trauma an d was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on July 22, 2022, an employee was taking a break, standing near tw o cars from the neighboring property. Workers were cutting a pine tree with a he ight above 50 feet. When the pine tree (first tree) was going down, it hit and b roke another tree (second tree) that was in front of its trajectory at a distanc e of 73.5 feet and approximately 1.8 feet in diameter. The breaking point of the second tree was at 13.5 feet from the ground. The second tree fell, struck and killed an employee that was standing near two cars from the neighboring property to the right in respect to the road view. Workers called 911 and went to the ho use crossing the road, and the owner spoke with the authorities and provided his address. Workers used two bobcats to remove the tree from the injured employee. The tree was moved to the left of its original position (road view), about 23 f eet from the blood stain located on the floor. The fire department arrived after the 911 call ended, about 10 minutes after and started to perform CPR. An ambul ance arrived around 15 minutes after the fire department and transported the emp loyee to Atlanta Medical at 12:33 p.m. The employee was declared dead at 12:37 p .m. The employee died from fatal injuries from the tree-related accident.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 1, 2019, an employee was operating a Delta 10" Unisaw Tabl e Saw with a dado blade and not the planar as instructed to cut a decorative mun tin bar.  The employee broke through the work piece with the saw blade and amput ated his left thumb and index finger, requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on September 20, 2018, an employee was welding an anchor bracket us ing a gas powered Shielded Metal Arc Welding (stick) Lincoln Ranger 250GXT welde r with direct current electrode positive.   A coworker who had been working with the employee did not hear the welder rev up and went to check on the employee. The employee was found standing on the scissors lift with his neck lying on the metal bridge.  The local police department arrived and started lifesaving measu res; however, the employee was killed through electrocution.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 12, 2006, Employee #1 and a coworker were cutting the concrete in an existing structure in preparation for installing additional plumbing as part of a renovation project. The workers were using a 480-volt AC concrete saw powered by a truck-mounted generator. Employee #1 was alone, setting up the equipment, while his supervisor discussed the cuts to be made and their locations with the general contractor. While testing the saw, Employee #1 realized that the polarity was reversed and he decided to correct this by changing the cord. He disconnected the saw cord from the extension cord running to the generator. Employee #1 was supposed to re-wire the de-energized side of the cord, the saw cord, but began to disassemble the generator side of the cord while the generator was running. As he was working, he contacted a 277-volt single phase of the three-phase cord and sustained third-degree burns to the middle fingers on both hands. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment. Subsequent investigation found that the previous job had involved an incorrectly wired 480-volt power source; this was a common occurrence at some of the construction sites where Employee #1 had performed concrete-cutting operations, and it was easier to reverse the wires in the cord than to wait for the electrician to arrive and correct the polarity issues within the circuit. At this site, they were using the company-owned generator, which was correctly wired.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on June 3, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an industrial electrical contractor, was installing electrical conductor equipment in the main switchgear room at a construction project.  An arc flash occurred, and Employee #1 sustain ed an electrical shock and burns.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for second degr ee burns to his arms and face.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 21, 2018, an employee was sweeping the floor while a cowor ker was washing the roof.  The employee's shoulder came into contact with a 2,40 0V energized electrical wire and was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on October 23, 2021, an employee was outside of the trench box whe n the trench wall collapsed. The employee was pinned, caught between the trench box and the collapsed soil of the trench wall and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 5:15 p.m. on July 14, 2016, Employee #1 was working on a heatin g ventilation and air conditioning system that was still energized.  He was chan ging out a condenser motor and was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on May 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, wa s working at a new two-story multifamily residential structure, a multiemployer construction project.  He was engaged in concrete forming work.  Employee #1 cli mbed an extension ladder to secure a 2 by 4 panel with a hammer.  The ladder was not properly secured and slid out from underneath Employee #1.  Employee #1 fel l, a fall height of 13 feet, and upon reaching the ground was impaled on an unca pped rebar.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for the impalement injury.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on August 26, 2004, Employee #1 and several coworkers were installing insulation on 20- to 22-gauge, galvanized sheet metal HVAC ducts on the fifth floor of a building. Each worker was using a ProWeld International CD- 212P capacitor discharge stud welding machine with a magnetic chuck to weld 2 in. long AGM #4 12-gauge cup head pins to the insulation and ducts, which had an aluminum skin. Employee #1 had been working near two ducts when a coworker spotted him lying on a pile of metal conduit in front of the ducts. Several other coworkers approached when they realized that he was unconscious and did not have a pulse. Two coworkers attempted CPR until paramedics arrived, but attempts to revive him were unsuccessful; Employee #1 was declared dead at 3:03 p.m. The 4 ft wide ducts Employee #1 was working near were a foot apart and on top of a concrete pad that extended through the roof of the building. The installation work appeared to be finished on the front, back, and outside of the ducts. The installation inside, between the ducts, was not yet done. Two pieces of insulation were partially attached to the rear corners. The area in front of the duct was 6 ft 5 in. wide and had piles of metal conduit. The welding machine's ground cable, a "C" clamp, was attached to the duct access panel lock. The machine was set for straight polarity and 80 volts. Evidence found during the investigation suggested that the machine arced near the magnetic chuck, shaft, and nut on the "C" clamp, and that Employee #1 was electrocuted. It was also noted that he was not wearing gloves or similar protective equipment.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on September 20, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a Raymond brand St and-Up Counterbalanced Lift Truck. As he headed towards the end cap of a storage rack, the employee lost control of the lift truck, and put his left leg out of the truck in the direction of the storage rack. The employee hit the storage rac k and sustained a crushing injury to his left foot and leg. Employee #1 was hosp italized for treatment.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:45 a.m. on March 4, 2019, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by a civil engi neering company, and Coworker #1, his supervisor, were engaged in the constructi on of an extension to a heavy rail system 80 feet below the surface, both tunnel s and new stations.  They were in a station and working on a set of vertical mod ular aluminum shoring frames, part of the process of building concrete forms for horizontal and vertical concrete segments in the stations.  Employee #1 and his supervisor were measuring the elevations of a shoring frame to confirm the heig ht required for a concrete deck.  Employee #1 used the inside of the frame like a ladder and climbed to the desired height.  He then latched his self-locking al uminum rebar hook onto the horizontal member of the frame to prevent his falling .  He took measurements and performed needed work, twisting the screw jacks upwa rd and/or downward according to the supervisor's directions.  After completing w ork on that side of the shoring, he disconnected his self-locking rebar hook fro m the horizontal bar of the shoring frame and attempted to travel across the sid e cross-braces of the frame without fall protection.  During this movement, Empl oyee #1 lost his footing and fell from the cross-braces, striking the concrete f loor and PVC pipes lying on the floor, a fall height of 13 feet.  A complex emer gency recovery was required to lift Employee #1 topside.  He then was transporte d to the hospital and admitted for treatment of dislocated shoulders, a dislocat ed elbow, and multiple lacerations.
struck_fatal	At 12:08 p.m. on December 2, 2021, an employee was operating a forklift retrievi ng product from a storage shed. The back left wheel of the forklift dipped into a ditch next to the concrete path causing the forklift to tip over. The employee , who was not wearing a seatbelt, panicked and attempted to jump from the vehicl e, which fell onto him. The employee's torso was crushed under the weight of the forklift, killing him.
electrocution_fatal	On August 11, 2006, Employee #1 was apparently killed by an electrical shock.
caught_nonfatal	On August 4, 2009, Employee #1 was hitching a chain to the lifting ring on a steel plate. When he signaled the operator to lift the plate, his fingers were caught between the chain and the lifting ring. Three fingers were smashed and one of his finger tips was amputated. He was not hospitalized for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On March 25, 2009, Employee #1, a pipe fitter, and a coworker were reseating a 48 inch manway cover. The manway cover weighed approximately 100 pounds. While seating a manway cover, one of the captured retaining nuts became misaligned. The coworker used a screw driver to pry the cover up and raised it by hand approximately 12 inches high. Employee #1 then began correcting the nuts position with his right hand. As Employee #1 was working to correct the nuts position, the coworker lost his grip on the manway cover, allowing it to fall. The cover struck Employee #1's right hand, causing injury to the second, third, and fourth digits, which included the amputation of the distal ends of the third and fourth digits. The accident investigation determined that the procedures used by Employee #1 and the coworker during the operation were "a common industry practice". However, the employer sited under California's Injury and Illness Prevention Standard for not identifying the hazards present and providing training to employees engaged in handling manway covers.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on June 27, 2017, an employee was carrying a bundle of shingles on his right shoulder from the ridge to the lower portion of the roof on the south side of the roof.  As the employee made his way down near the section of the roo f above the gutter, he apparently lost his balance, and fell to the ground appro ximately thirteen feet below. The employee suffered head trauma and was pronounc ed dead when the paramedics arrived.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 20, 2021, an employee was standing on a loading dock.  T he employee attempted to jump from the loading dock to the paved surface below. The employee fractured his rib and was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on September 20, 2007, Employee #1 and two coworkers were installing a new power line. A line truck was used to dig the hole for a new pole; the hole was located beneath an existing 7,200-volt primary service line. The crew was attempting to screw in a ground anchor, which was positioned at an angle on the truck. Employee #1 was holding the anchor and guiding it into the newly dug hole when the pole claws on the truck boom contacted the overhead line. He was electrocuted. Employee #1 was transported to a local hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
electrocution_nonfatal	On March 15, 2007, Employee #1, of Aeroduct, Inc., was installing an HVAC unit or similar equipment when there was an arc blast. He suffered burns, for which he was hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	On March 14, 2009, Employee #1 was performing an electrical test on a large electrical cabinet (13 - 15,000 KV circuit breaker). The employee was working from a 6-foot stepladder, disconnecting one of the three "shorting" cables. The cables were connected to the cabinet terminals from a three-phase current test set. Employee #1 fell from the ladder and died shortly thereafter. The primary cause of death was believed to be from electrocution, but could have been a result of the fall.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on June 27, 2017, Employee #1 was engaged in removing formworks on the twelfth floor of a project. Employee #1 was lowering one of th e Pro-Shore post. His hand was holding the post as it was being lowered. He mist akenly placed his left pinky finger into the pinhole of the post.  The pinholes were approximately 1 in. in diameter.  As the post was retracted, Employee #1 su ffered an amputation of his pinky finger. Employee #1 was transported to a medic al center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:30 p.m. on October 18, 2017, Employees #1 and #2, employed by an electrical services company, were upgrading electrical equipment at an existing commercial building.  Employee #1 was attaching a new cable to a 480 Volt Three-Phase line .  Employee #2 was using his cellphone's flashlight feature to provide additiona l light.  An arc flash occurred, and both employees sustained electrical burns. Emergency services were called, and Employees #1 and #2 were transported to the hospital.  One was hospitalized with second and third degree burns to his face, arms, and hands.  The other was treated for first degree burns and released.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 2, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in rehabilitation work at a water/sewer treatment plant.  He was un-reeving a hook block on a crane.  The hook block was set on unstable ground, causing the block to fall over.  As the block fell, the employee's right hand that was resting on the wire rope was pull ed into the crane's boom sheave.  The employee's right ring finger was partially amputated.  The employee received medical treatment for the fingertip amputatio n but was not hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on July 19, 2019, an employee signaled the crane operator to lift a nacelle panel to move it out of the way. As the crane operator swung the nacel le panel, it struck the employee, who was then caught between the nacelle and a stanchion. The employee was hospitalized to treat rib fractures.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on October 24, 2018, two employees were standing alongside State Ro ad 77 when they were struck by a drunk driver who was driving a Ford F-150 picku p truck with a U-Haul trailer attached.  One employee was killed and the other w as hospitalized with unspecified injuries.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:15 p.m. on May 17, 2013, Employee #1, of H & G Underground Utilities LLC, was involved in the installation of a new water pipeline. He was attempting to guide a 16-inch ductile iron pipe into a trench. The pipe was attached to the excavator with a wire rope sling. At the same time, the excavator's boom was in contact with a 7,200-volt unprotected overhead power line. Employee #1 touched the pipe. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 a.m. on January 20, 2018, an employee was using a disc sander to sand s mall metal parts when his finger was drawn into the machine between the disc and the table, crushing the middle finger on his right hand.  The employee was UCI Medical Center, where he was hospitalized for two days.
electrocution_nonfatal	An employee was removing an underground power line cable. He had secured the cable to the boom of an aerial lift. He was in the aerial lift bucket, using the boom to pull the cable from the ground. The cable broke, catapulting the employee from the bucket. He struck an overhead communication line on a nearby utility pole and fell 4.5 meters to the ground. He was hospitalized with multiple fractures of his back and pelvis.
caught_nonfatal	At about 9:30 a.m. on May 18, 2012, Employee #1, with Ashley Furniture Industries Inc., was operating an electric powered Pallet Jack (Crown, VJ720 WHSE, Model Number PE-4000-60, 6000 lbs., Serial Number 6A229380) in the battery charging area. Employee #1 stopped the pallet jack and got off to bring the pallet jack closer to the charging station by operating it while standing on the ground. As he tried to move the pallet jack by depressing the steering lever while he was standing behind the pallet jack, the pallet jack moved, and his right foot got caught between the back of the pallet jack and a yellow barrier. Employee #1 was hospitalized for four days with four fractures to his right foot. Employee #1 underwent two surgeries on his foot.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 1, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in exterior carpentry at a residential structure.  He was standing o n a ladder when he fell.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured ankle.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:05 p.m. on February 7, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was working at a building construction site.  He was guiding a 10-foot steel plate being moved by a crane.  Employee #1 was struck by the steel plate, and hi s leg was caught between the plate and the ground.  Emergency services were call ed, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treate d for a crushed leg.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:15 p.m. on April 13, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, w as doing maintenance/repair work to the roof of a commercial building.  He was n ot using any fall protection.  He was backing up and pulling the roof lining to place it along the roof edges when he tripped over the 1-foot high parapet.  The employee lost his balance and fell to the asphalt surface, a fall height of 20 feet.  As he fell, he struck the adjacent roof, gutters, and the hood of a passi ng automobile.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted for tr eatment of multiple injuries, including arm and leg fractures.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on July 3, 2018, an employee was flipping a steel frame via an ove rhead crane bridge when he was struck by a chain used to secure and control the frame.  The employee sustained several fractures and was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 2:49 p.m. on December 16, 2015, an employee was told to "roll-up" for the day . The employee fell off the roof and struck the concrete surface below and was k illed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:00 p.m. on February 1, 2017, an employee was assisting truck mechanics in the repair of a tire which was leaking air. The employee was standi ng in front of the leaking tire after having noticed a piece of metal that had p unctured the tire and was waiting with a mechanic while a second mechanic retrie ved a tire repair kit. Prior to identifying the tire puncture, numerous attempts were made to add air to the tire. The employee was standing approximately 3-fee t directly in front of a tire mounted on a semi-truck that was in the process of being repaired when the side wall of the tire ruptured exploding compressed air outwards towards the employee. The employee was blown off his feet and thrown a pproximately 6-feet backwards consequently striking his head on the floor. The e mployee's head struck the floor resulting in a concussion and closed head injury . The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 3:45 p.m. on January 24, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was installing cedar shake siding on the west side of a three-story residenti al building.  He was working with no fall protection from the plank of an interm ixed scaffold system approximately 20 feet above ground.  The employee fell and landed at the bottom of a below-ground open stairwell under the scaffold, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  As he landed, his head struck the concrete st airway.  Employee #1 sustained a traumatic head injury and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:15 a.m. on October 6, 2017, an employee had returned from his break and wa s inspecting the welds under a top plate.  The employee was struck in the head b y the leveler when the hook slipped off of the lip plate and the leveler fell. The employee was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on February 12, 2019, an employee was applying wood filler putty o ver nails holes in the wood siding from the landing of the staircase between the 2nd and 3rd floors.  The employee lost his balance and fell off of the landing to the concrete ground resulting in fatal injuries.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:15 a.m. on March 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in interior carpentry work during the rehabilitation of a commercial building.  He was working from the roof trusses and installing bracing when a 2 by 4 piece of lumber broke, causing the employee to fall.  The employee fell 21 feet and struck the concrete floor.  Emergency services transported the employe e to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for injuries that included a fractured femur (thighbone).
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on April 19, 2018, three employees were assembling a metal scaffol d when one of the cross members made contact with the overhead power line.  All three employees were hospitalized from electric shock and electric burns to thei r bodies.
fall_nonfatal	On November 25, 2013, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in exterior carpentry at a residence. He was working from a wooden scaffold and replacing two fascia boards on the building's second level. The scaffold did not have sufficient properly placed nails of ample size to carry the loads. The scaffold's cross member and upright became dislodged, and Employee #1 fell to the grade below, a fall height of approximately 22 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a dislocated shoulder and left rib injuries. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA by the emergency responders. Cal/OSHA initiated its investigation on December 4, 2013. The investigation determined that Employee #1 was a full-time permanent employee, a laborer assigned a variety of duties by his employer.
fall_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 23, 2021, an employee worked to clean debris from the roo f in preparation for re-roofing. The employee slipped and fell approximately eig hteen feet, received blunt force trauma injuries to the head, neck and torso, an d was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 3:45 p.m. on July 17, 2016, Employee #1 was moving a fall prote ction beam anchor and fell approximately 30 feet. Employee #1 sustained a fractu red back, neck and a head injury and died.
struck_fatal	At 7:55 a.m. on July 31, 2020, an employee was unloading a drywall box sitting o n the elevated forks of a rough terrain forklift. At some point, the box and the employee fell twenty-three feet from the forks with the box landing on top of t he employee. The employee was killed by unspecified blunt force trauma injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was working at a one-story multifamily building.  He was on the roof and operating a Skilsaw power saw to cut rafter tails.  Employee #1 stepped on a board that was rotten, causing him to fall from the roof, a fall height of approximately 10 fe et.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hosp ital, admitted, and treated for a concussion and a leg contusion.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 5:00 p.m. on February 23, 2017, Employee #1 was helping a cowor ker put away stock.  Pallets of corrugated boxes needed to be moved were stacked on top of each other and leaning.  Employee #1 used a reach truck to take the t op pallets down because the stacks seemed unstable.  He took a pallet down and a fter blowing his horn, backed up with the load.  As he was backing up he saw his coworker driving towards him on another reach truck.  Employee #1 turned right hard to make avoid an accident then saw a cherry picker that was parked with the forks raised.  Employee #1 crashed into the parked cherry picker with one of th e forks going through his leg.  Employee#1's leg was fractured in two places an d he was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on June 23, 2014, an employee had just emptied a load of concrete a t the site.  Employee #1, a dump truck driver, was found dead behind the Mack Gr anite Series dump truck by a co-worker working as a frontend-loader operator.  A llegedly, Employee #1 dumped a load of concrete at the top of the hill and exi ted the vehicle to clean off the spread pan prior to leaving the facility. Emplo yee #1 exited the vehicle, which was parked on an incline, and the truck began t o roll forward.  It appears that Employee #1 tried to run back to the cab of the truck to stop the truck from rolling, tripped, and was run over by the truck. A co-worker noticed that Employee #1 was missing for a period of time and went t o the top of the hill.  The co-worker observed Employee #1 lying on the ground , apparently run over by the truck, and contacted emergency services.  Employee #1 was pronounced dead at the scene.  There were no witnesses to the accident.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a highway construction co mpany, was engaged in paving work.  He was staging a 12-foot wide float that con tained a 26-foot aluminum pole handle being used for finishing concrete.  The al uminum handle came into contact with an overhead power line.  Employee #1 sustai ned an electrical shock.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tr ansported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the electrical shock .
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:35 a.m. on March 30, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a building management company, was engaged in carpentry work at a multifamily residential building.  H e was using a power saw to cut sheets of lumber when the saw caught in the wood, kicked back, and struck Employee #1's left hand.  Emergency services were calle d, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the amputation of his left middle and ring fingers.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on January 20, 2017, an employee was adjusting an adapter plate.  T he employee struck his hand against the asphalt when the wheel lift device from the tow truck went into motion, resulting in a partial amputation of the employe e's right index finger.  The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injur ies.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on April 23, 2018, Employee #1 and two coworkers, employed by a ho me builder, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a residential building.  They were carrying a granite slab into the building when Employee #1 tripped on a piece of scaffolding on the garage floor.  As Employee #1 fell, the granite fell onto and punctured his forearm.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a laceration with tendon and nerve damage.
electrocution_fatal	On June 8, 2005, Employee #1 was using an electric shear to cut aluminum tin roofing material used for the repair of tractor trailers. After sustaining an electric shock, he was transported to a local hospital, where he later died. The shear's electrical cord had previously been cut and incorrectly repaired.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on October 31, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a commercial real est ate company, was performing his routine duties, including building maintenance. He began repairing a lighting fixture that was located approximately 11 feet abo ve the walking surface. Directly behind the lighting fixture was the room where the junction box with energized electrical wires were located. Employee #1 used an approximately 8 foot, a-frame, step ladder to gain access to the junction box containing the electrical connections. During the course of his work, he came i nto contact with the energized electrical wires. He fell off of the ladder from the electric shock and received fractures and a concussion. Employee #1's injuri es were treated at the hospital.
electrocution_fatal	An employee was on a ladder, installing antistatic tubing within a 480-volt air conditioning unit. The unit was approximately 3.4 meters high. The employee was wearing safety glasses and steel-toed boots. He opened the enclosure door for the unit to gain access to the area that needed the tubing. As he installed the tubing, he contacted electric conductors and was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 11, 2017, an employee was testing an electrical elbow with a meter. A section of metal on the meter contacted the semi-conductive material on the elbow causing an arc flash. The employee sustained first degree burns to the face.
fall_fatal	At approximately 2:30 p.m. on October 21, 2016, three employees were preparing t o enter a confined space. The site general contractor requested that the employe r clean out mud and debris that had accumulated at the bottom of the well. Emplo yee #1 and two coworkers were assigned to clean out the bottom of the pit.  Empl oyee #1 was to be lowered down the shaft using a Spyder-type mobile mini crane. Shortly after Employee #1 was lowered into the shaft, a coworker observed Employ ee #1 lose consciousness and fall out of a load bucket he was standing in, Emplo yee #1 fell 50 feet down the wastewater well to the bottom of the pit. Employee #1 was pronounced dead at the scene after being recovered by Los Angeles City Fi re Department Urban Search and Rescue (USAR).
fall_fatal	At approximately 11:00 a.m. on June 10, 2015, Employee #1 was on a metal porch r oof when he fell 9.2 feet.  He struck the concrete floor with his head ad died.
fall_fatal	At approximately 1:15 p.m. on July 19, 2016, Employee #1 was rolling out roofing material to measure for skylights walking backwards on a covered walkway, adjac ent to the skylight. He walked off of the edge of the covered walkway and fell 9 feet. He struck his head on a concrete sidewalk and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	A high-voltage electrician and his helper were troubleshooting an electrical outage. They were working in a motor control center at a bulk-loading cement plant. The electrician was using a Greenlee Model DVC 6 electrical tester rated for 600 volts maximum to measure the voltage across two energized phases on a 4160-volt system. The electrical tester failed, and the ensuing electric arc seriously burned the electrician, who was wearing safety glasses, a flame-resistant long sleeve shirt with a tee shirt, a nylon ball cap, and leather work gloves. The cabinet in which he had been working had a nameplate indicating the correct voltage and large warning signs reading "Danger--High Voltage." The helper received burns to his left hand extinguishing the burning nylon ball cap on his injured coworker's head. (However, the helper was not listed on an injury line on the original form.) The electrician sustained second- and third-degree burns to his head, neck, face, and arms. He died of his injuries 6 days after the accident.
fall_fatal	On March 17, 2014, Employee #1, a carpenter employed by Choice Construction Inc., was working at a residential construction site. He was on an 8-foot stepladder and touching up the structure's exterior paint. Employee #1 fell from the ladder, a fall height of 8 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for a concussion. He died from his injuries 15 days later while still at the hospital. This fatality was investigated by Hawaii OSHA. Its investigation determined that there were no witnesses to Employee #1's fall.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on August 26, 2020, an employee was pulling wire from an electrica l cabinet. At some point, the employee made contact with a live wire or other li ve electrical component in the electrical cabinet. The employee was killed by el ectrocution.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:20 p.m. on June 22, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in a residential remodel. He was working from a 4-foot portable ladder and using hand tools to demolish the stucco and interior drywall in the bathroom.  As he pulled backward to remov e ceiling material, he lost his balance and fell backward, striking his head on a bathtub next to the ladder.  He sustained a severe spinal cord injury that res ulted in paralysis.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitted f or treatment.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on July 11. 2022, an employee was attempting to repair paint nozzle s. A civilian in the oncoming lane veered over and struck the employee. The empl oyee was killed.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on October 10, 2014, an employee was hammering the cl amp in place to secure the standpipe of a fire suppression system to the floor. Due to unspecified event, the employee suffered blunt neck and chest trauma and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:15 a.m. on December 24, 2015, an employee was performing demolition work o n a wall.  The  employee was killed when a large section of the wall collapsed a nd crushed the temporary platform the employee was working.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:00 p.m. on July 30, 2014, Employees #1, #2, and #3 were set ting cones for traffic control when they were struck by a vehicle.  Employees # 1, #2, and #3 were killed.
caught_fatal	At approximately 3:05 a.m. on July 28, 2013, Employee #1, a tow truck driver, was assisting a disabled vehicle. He was standing between the tow truck and the disabled vehicle when a motorist ran into the back of the disabled vehicle. Employee #1 was crushed between the two vehicles in the collision and sustained traumatic injuries. Emergency medical personnel were summoned. They arrived and transported him to a medical center, where he underwent treatment, but later succumbed to his injuries on Aug 15th, 2013 and died.
caught_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 28, 2020, Employee #1, employed by an underground constr uction company, was working alone to connect a 2013 CAM Superline flatbed traile r to a 2007 9200i International tractor truck.  The equipment was in a staging a rea on a private lot and was needed at a worksite one mile away.  The driveway o f the staging area sloped downward to a public road, and the truck faced this do wnward slope.  The connection between the truck and trailer consisted of a pintl e hitch on the truck and a lunette ring on the trailer, as well as air lines for service and emergency/parking brakes, an electric cable for lights, and chains to secure the pintle coupling.  After backing up the truck to the trailer to mak e the pintle connection, the employee set the truck's parking brake and exited t he truck's cab to raise the trailer's jacks and connect the air lines, electric cable, and chains.  After connecting the trailer to the truck, the employee got back into the truck and attempted to drive the truck out from the staging area. However, the trailer brakes would not release.  The employee exited the truck c ab to investigate.  The truck's engine was running and in neutral, but the truck 's parking brake was not set, and the truck's wheels were not chocked.  Employee #1 took action to release the trailer brakes, whereupon the truck and trailer c ombination began to roll forward down the driveway.  The employee ran alongside the truck and tried to get into the truck's cab to control/stop the runaway truc k and trailer.  The truck and trailer rolled from the private lot staging area, across the public roadway, and down into a field where a wood utility pole with guy wire stood.  The employee was caught between the driver side cab and the uti lity pole.  Employee #1 sustained multiple traumatic injuries to the chest and m idsection and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on February 12, 2019, an employee was removing flagging signs from a road construction site when he was struck by a truck. The employee suffered he ad and body injuries, killing him.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:00 p.m. on November 1, 2021, an employee was standing next to his forklift at the bottom of a ramp, which led to the inside of the warehouse, waiting for m aintenance to repair a loose fuel line. Another forklift came down the ramp in r everse loaded with pallets. It was dark and there was a truck that was partially parked in front of the ramp. The forklift operator swerved to avoid the truck a nd backed into the employee and pinned him between the two forklifts. The employ ee suffered a crushed knee which required hospitalization and surgery.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 8, 2019, Employee #1 was carrying a ladder to clean the gutters at a residential structure.  The ladder came in contact with overhead po wer lines.  Employee #1 sustained an electric shock and electrical burns to his hands.  He was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment.
caught_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on October 27, 2020, Employee #1, Coworkers #1 and #2, and their su pervisor, divers employed by a civil engineering construction company, were enga ged in a diving operation at a lake dam.  They were assigned to conduct inspecti ons and repairs to several gates and chains.  During a solitary dive with an umb ilical supplying breathing gas and video, Employee #1 climbed down a long ladder to the water's surface.  He then descended into the water, sliding down the cha in with his right hand while feeling the side of the dam face with his left hand to guide his way down.  At a depth of approximately 15 to 20 feet, his left han d came into contact with a 10-inch hole in the dam's face that led into a Pensto ck Pipe.  Differential pressure caused the employee's left arm to be sucked into the pipe up to his shoulder.  He cried out and then went silent and unresponsiv e.  The dive supervisor attempted several times to communicate with Employee #1 but received no response.  The supervisor instructed Coworker #1, the backup div er, to go into the water.  Coworker #1, after reaching Employee #1, reported tha t Employee #1 remained unresponsive with no signs of breathing.  Coworker #1 was unable to free him from the pipe.  Several dam employees were called to the sce ne, and one of the dam operators closed a valve which released the diver from th e pipe.  Coworker #1 brought Employee #1 to the water's surface, where he was at tached to the emergency retrieval system, removed from the water, and placed on the main deck where emergency medical technicians were standing by.  Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was declared dead.  The subsequent in vestigation reported that mechanical asphyxiation may have been the cause of dea th.  At no time had Employee #1 lost air.
fall_nonfatal	At 6:46 a.m. on August 27, 2018, Employee #1 was on the top of a 12-14 foot stac k of hay, tying the bales in the top row together so they would not separate and fall when the stack was moved with Hay Squeeze #3. After he completed tying the bales, he began to climb down from the top of the stack and fell. The employee was hospitalized for a concussion, two fractured vertebrae, and four broken ribs .
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on April 28, 2015, an employee was winching two broken ends of a d owned power line together.  The power line had been de-energized prior to starti ng.  While the employee was handling the line, it became energized and they were electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on October 29, 2019, an employee was installing permanent holiday lights when he fell from a ladder.  The employee fractured both legs, a wrist, a nd sustained a serious head injury and, later, was killed from his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 4:30 p.m. on January 11, 2019, Employee #1 was working from an Alum-A-Pole pu mp jack scaffold installing vinyl on the second story of the rear building eleva tion.  The employee fell 16 feet from the scaffold platform and landed on a pile of brick rubble below.  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 25, 2014, an employee assigning tickets for trucks removing debris was struck by a portion of the building being demolished. The employee w as killed from blunt force chest trauma.
caught_nonfatal	 At 8:48 a.m. on November 2, 2010, Employee #1, a construction foreman, was searching for a steel structural member. When he passed between a truck and a boom lift, the lift operator moved the boom and caught Employee #1 between the truck and the lift. Employee #1 was hospitalized for a lacerated thigh.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on July 5, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as engaged in interior masonry work at a multiemployer construction project, a 2 6-story commercial building.  He was cleaning up his work area when he went to r emove a floor hole cover.  As he picked up the cover, he stepped forward and fel l into the hole, a fall height of approximately 15 feet.  Emergency services wer e called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on November 13, 2017, an employee was standing behind a block wall, assisting in building a dividing wall with large concrete blocks.  One employee was behind the wall being built, with a chain link fence behind him.  The wall became unstable when moved by a skidsteer and fell on the employee.  The employe e was pinched between the wall being built and the chain link fence behind him, resulting in an amputation on the employee's left leg below the knee.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 8, 2014, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were preparing to w reck the overhang of a bridge.  Both employees entered the basket of the Miller Wagon with their tools, including a crowbar. When the employees positioned the b asket over the side of the bridge, the pin connecting the boom to the body of th e Miller wagon sheared and the boom and basket fell to the ground below. Both em ployees fell 94 feet to the ground below and both suffered fatal injuries upon i mpact.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on January 31, 2018, Employee #1, Coworker #1, and four additional members of the work crew, employed by a paving company, were laying "skin patche s" of sheet asphalt to level a college football field.  They were using a Leeboy Conveyor Paver, two HAMM rollers, a backhoe, and several dump trucks.  After th ey spread a load of sheet asphalt from the paver's hopper onto the ground, Emplo yee #1 was instructed by Coworker #1 to clear some old paving material from unde rneath the right side of the paver.  The paver was still running and in operatio n mode.  Coworker #1, believing Employee #1 had completed the cleaning and was c lear of the paver, returned to the paver's controls and opened the gate.  Employ ee #1 was caught between the paver's gate and the ground, and his arm was crushe d.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospi tal, admitted, and treated for a fractured arm.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 3, 2018, Employee #1, a plumber apprentice, and a coworker w ere installing new water lines at a residential home site.  This involved Employ ee #1 working underneath the residential floor, on the sub-floor, to connect the kitchen's plastic lines to the main water supply's plastic line, the "trunk lin e."  Employee #1 was lying on his side on the sub-floor and using a Rehau Power Tool to connect the lines.  During this process, the power tool began to slip fr om his left hand, which became caught in the on/off switch.  As he attempted to free his left hand with his right hand, his right thumb became caught in the mec hanism.  Employee #1 pulled his thumb to free it, and the mechanism removed his right thumbnail.  Employee #1 was transported to the local hospital and then tra nsferred to a regional hospital, where he was admitted and treated for the thumb injury.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:29 a.m. on January 23, 2015, Employee #1, employed by a construction subco ntractor at a multiemployer construction site, was working inside a metal dumpst er.  He was using his weight to compress trash inside the dumpster.  Employee #1 tripped over a 2 by 4 piece of lumber, lost his footing, and fell out of the du mpster and down to the dirt floor.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a hairline fracture of his neck.
fall_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on March 1, 2016, an employee was operating a bulldo zer to level a ground surface. The employee fell off bulldozer, and was struck b y the bulldozer. The bulldozer kept on going and the employee died of internal i njuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on November 7, 2018, an employee was working on a roof. At some po int, the employee had a nine foot fall and received a head injury (bleeding on t he brain). The employee was hospitalized for treatment.
caught_nonfatal	At 7:30 p.m. on March 29, 2018, an employee was unloading an 8 foot by 5 foot cr ate from the back of a bed truck and jumped down from the truck on the passenger side.  The employee had grabbed the side of the trucks bed with her right hand and caught her ring finger on one of the metal uprights as she dismounted from the truck's bed.  The employee suffered a substantial injury to her finger and e ventually had to have it amputated by surgery.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on January 28, 2019, an employee was stripping the d eck during the demolition phase of the project. The employee was deck stripping when a nearby 14-foot aluminum beam fell onto the employee.  The employee sustai ned injuries to the back, head, and neck that required cervical spine surgery. T he employee was hospitalized for these injuries.
electrocution_fatal	On July 14, 2004, Employee #1 was driving a 1987 Ford concrete mixer equipped with a Theam 39-foot belt conveyor. After delivering a full load of concrete, Employee #1 backed down a one-lane gravel country road and stopped to wash the rear chute and conveyor with a spray hose and onboard water. Using a radio remote control, he then started to fold the conveyor to its stored position, along the top of the truck. As he did so, the conveyor contacted a 7,200-volt primary distribution line that crossed over the road at an angle. The back of Employee #1's head contacted the edge of the chute on the rear of the truck, completing a circuit with the ground. Employee #1 was killed at that location.
electrocution_fatal	At 7:00 p.m. on September 23, 2014, an employee was changing a light bulb. As he held the fixture in one hand and the replacement bulb in the other, he received a 120 volt electrical current that resulted in electrocution.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on July 8, 2013, Employee #1, with 4 Granite Inc., was attaching a light pole (14 ft tall and 2.5 in. in diameter) to a new guardrail that had been installed on top of a 13 in. high concrete curb. The light pole was a plastic pipe with two lights, 4 square ft, held 3 ft apart and angled out to a total width of about 76 ins. It weighed approximately 125 pounds, and its center of gravity was estimated to have been about 9.5 ft from the bottom. Two brackets made from angle iron had been welded to the guardrail. One bracket was at approximately 29 ins. above the ground, and the other was at approximately 53 ins. above the ground. Two holes were drilled into each bracket to accommodate a U-bolt to hold the light pole in place. Employee #1, and a coworker, lifted the light pole up into place, and Employee #1 installed the upper U-bolt. The bottom of the pole was on the outside of a piece of electrical conduit. The pole had to be lifted up over the conduit so the wiring could be attached. Employee #1's supervisor told Employee #1 and his coworker to wait while the supervisor got some wood blocks to rest the pole on, in order to raise the pole into the proper position before attaching the lower U-bolt. While the supervisor was gone, the coworker attempted to lift the light pole up and over the conduit, so that it would rest in between the conduit and the wall. The coworker used a 4 ft crowbar to lift the pole up at its base. The coworker held the pole with one hand and held the crowbar with the other. Employee #1 was reaching out over the coworker's shoulder to give him room to work and was holding the pole with one hand to steady it. Employee #1 did not have control of the pole. Each employee thought the other was in control of the top-heavy light pole. When the coworker pried the pole up, it rotated counter-clockwise around the upper bracket. Employee #1's right thumb was caught between the pole and the upper rail of the guardrail. Employee #1 suffered an avulsion (skin torn off to the skeleton) to the pad of his right thumb. He underwent surgery to amputate a portion of the right thumb. This accident was caused by the misjudgment of a hazardous situation, specifically, attempting to use a crowbar to lift a tall, top-heavy light pole. Secondary factors were poor body positioning for the task, and a lack of proper communication between Employee #1 and the coworker about who was supporting the pole.
struck_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on October 17, 2015, an employee fell through an opening in a floor , located inside a barricaded area, onto a concrete floor. The employee sustaine d head and other trauma and died.
fall_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on November 10, 2014, an employee was installing sid ing on the side of a two story single family home.  The employee was the owner o f the company.  The employee was working from an 8-foot Werner fiberglass step l adder.  The step ladder, A-frame ladder, was placed on a ladder jack scaffold pl atform located approximately 13 feet above the ground.  The ladder scaffold cons isted of a Werner 32 foot aluminum extension ladder, Werner 28 foot fiberglass e xtension ladder, Werner aluminum ladder jack brackets, and a Werner 28 foot long , Model 2420; Task Master Aluminum Pick.  The step ladder was opened, with the l adder portion tethered to the ladder jack platform and the support section lying against the side of the house.  The employee was installing a piece of siding w hen he fell at least 13 feet from the step ladder and ladder jack scaffold, onto the concrete sidewalk below the work area.  The employee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on August 16, 2016, Employee #1 was working on a residential roof. The employee fell off of the roof, sustained a concussion and was killed.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:30 a.m. on December 4, 2014, Employee #1 was climbing a ladde r to a roof that was reported to be wet.  He stepped off the ladder onto the 6-1 2 slopped asphalt shingled roof and slid down the roof and fell from the edge, a pproximately 16.25 feet.  Employee #1 suffered a blunt force trauma to his head and died.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 8:30 a.m. on March 29, 2013, Employee #1 was unloading an auger extension tool from a truck. The employee's finger was lacerated when it was caught by the auger extension tool. Employee #1 was taken by a coworker to Sutter General Hospital, where he was treated for a right middle finger amputation. Employee #1 remained hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on February 25, 2014, a work crew of three (3) journeymen linemen w ere installing a new 7,200 volt line utility pole adjacent to an old utility pol e.  The foreman of the crew, Employee #1, was working from the bucket of an ease ment machine. The line was isolated and the employee was transferring primary an d secondary power distribution lines from the old pole to the new pole.  Employe e #1 was wearing a hard hat, safety glasses, FR shirt and full body harness with lanyard. Employee #1 was not wearing insulated work gloves or sleeves when the incident occurred. Employee #1 had just finished installing a "U guard" to the n ew pole, around the primary distribution line that was running down the new pole and going underground.  Employees #2 and #3 were on the ground, underneath Empl oyee #1, digging a trench for the underground primary. When Employee #1 announce d that the U guard was secured, Employees #2 and #3 moved out from underneath hi m.  Employee #2 looked up at Employee #1 and saw that he was slumped over in the bucket near the cutoff device.  Employee #1 did not respond to Employee #2's ca lls.  Employee #2 brought the bucket down using the ground controls on the easem ent machine, while Employee #3 contacted emergency services.  Employees #2 and # 3 removed Employee #1 from the bucket and began administering cardiopulmonary re suscitation (CPR). Emergency Services arrived and took over treatment of Employe e #1. He was transferred to Pekin Hospital, where he was pronounce dead at 10:12 AM. Employee #1 had made contact with the high side and low side of a 7, 200 hi gh voltage cutoff device.  The electricity had moved through the employee's body . He was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At approximately 6:39 a.m. on February 19, 2016, Employee #1 was finishing up th e bottom weld on a center section of a steel truss frame, number E5233. The rema ining welds of the center tubular section of the truss gave way from the weight of the truss, 10.5 tons, that deflexed the center steel tube.  Employee #1s hea d was pinned between the center steel tube and the steel fitters aid, and kille d.
fall_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 21, 2021, an employee was standing on a crane mat that w as on a skid-steer. The mat slid causing the employee to slip and fall to the gr ound. The mat then fell on top of the employee causing fractures and blunt force trauma.  The employee was killed.
caught_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on February 13, 2017, an employee was working in a trench that meas ured 20 feet wide by 10 feet deep. The employee, who was a bricklayer, was conne cting pipes and working with troll and mortar. The trench had a protective steel trench box in place.  As the employee, for an unknown reason, stepped outside t he confines of the trench box, a 3 foot by 2 foot piece of clay became dislodged and struck the employee in the head.  He suffered craniocerebral trauma, which he was hospitalized and treated for his injury. However, the employee died from complications from his injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on January 15, 2020, an employee was assembling a mobile scaffold when the scaffold tipped over caused the employee to fall onto the deck of the s hip. The employee incurred fractures to both legs and his spine and was hospital ized.
struck_fatal	At 7:15 a.m. on September 23, 2019, an employee, a heavy equipment operator, was loading a John Deere dozer onto a Trail King lowboy trailer to be pulled by a K enworth semi-tractor sitting on the eastbound shoulder and part (approximately t wo feet) of the eastbound lane of the highway. The employee, wearing a construct ion yellow shirt, was working between the semi-truck and trailer, with safety st robe light and parking lights on, while positioning the dozer on the trailer to remove the dozer from the worksite. A truck (GMC Denali) came up behind the trai ler in the eastbound lane and struck the rear, left corner of the trailer. The t ruck's rear end spun around as the vehicle operator lost control of the vehicle and struck the employee, who was killed by unspecified injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:10 a.m. on April 3, 2019, an employee attempted to remove a concrete form work from an elevated position. The employee fell and was hospitalized to treat unspecified injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on July 28, 2020, an employee was attempting to remove a piece of plastic from a jammed wrapper machine. The employee's hand was pulled into the m achine amputating a finger and requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	On December 5, 2002, Employees #1 and #2 and coworkers were moving a 106 ft long by 23 ft wide metal building. The path of travel took it under a 14,400-volt power line. At a meeting prior to the move, the employees were directed to stay away from the structure while it was passing under the power lines. During the move, Employees #1 and #2 and several coworkers were inside the building in an attempt to steer the trailer when an antenna on the structure struck the power lines. Employee #1 was electrocuted; Employee #2 received an electric shock, sustaining injuries that required hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 1, 2019, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construct ion company, were digging by hand a trench in Type C soil outside a multifamily residential structure in preparation to install new piping.  The trench measured 8 feet deep, 13 feet long, and 18 inches wide.  The trench wall collapsed, trap ping both employees.  Emergency services responded.  Employee #1, whose legs had been pinned by the soil and rock, was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of contusions and lacerations.  His coworker did not req uire medical treatment.
electrocution_fatal	Two plumbers were repairing broken pipes in a crawl space under a residence. The homeowner opened the house to allow the employees to enter, and then the homeowner departed. The crew had determined on the previous day that the crawl space presented little space to work in and that the ground in the crawl space was wet. Consequently, they decided to use hand tools only. There were five 177- by 355-millimeter vents around the crawl space perimeter. The workers made sure that the crawl space vents were open and clear. One of the workers entered the crawl space with a manual tubing cutter and a flashlight. (Both battery-powered and cord- and plug-connected electric tools were available on the work van.) He removed sections of plastic water line nearest the crawl space entry, which was 787 millimeters wide and 330 millimeters high, and moved further under the house. The two employees kept a running conversation as the first employee made his way into the crawl space. After the first employee had been inside the crawl space for approximately 7 to 8 minutes, his coworker went to the van for additional parts. When the coworker returned to the house, he heard the first employee screaming and thrashing about from an electric shock. The coworker called his office to request emergency medical services and then entered the crawl space to reach the injured employee. When he grabbed the injured employee's boot, he found that the injured employee was trembling, but unresponsive. The coworker cut a hole in the kitchen floor to reach the injured employee. However, when emergency medical services arrived, the emergency medical technicians pronounced him dead. He had been electrocuted. (The original form did not describe the source of the electric shock.
electrocution_nonfatal	Some employees of a contracting firm were erecting scaffolding at an electric power generation station. One of the workers was carrying a scaffold plank when it touched an energized part and caused an electrical fault. The ensuing electric arc ignited the worker's clothing. The employee suffered burns to his left arm, shoulder, and face. He was hospitalized for his injuries. The owner of the generation station had not deenergized exposed electric circuit parts in the work area.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on May 18, 2021, an employee worked to set up traffic control. At some point, a motor vehicle struck and killed the employee.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on August 3, 2019, Employee #1, a forty-year-old male employee, was working for a firm that rented equipment for events. He was working as a constr uction helper on a crew that was erecting a large tent for an outdoor event. He was operating a powered industrial vehicle to pull a tent cover over a tent fram e. The equipment he was operating was a GEHL RS6-34 telescopic material handler. As he pulled the cover, the material handler began to tip. The employee jumped from the cab and began to run. The material handler continued to tip, and its bo om struck the employee. He sustained multiple internal injuries, a fractured rig ht arm, and a fractured left leg. He was killed.
struck_fatal	At 11:22 a.m. on June 16, 2022, an employee was driving forklift when he hit a b ollard and the forklift rolled over. The employee's head was crushed by the prot ective structure of the forklift, and he subsequently died.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on June 24, 2013, Employee #1, of Quality Builders, was working at a residential construction site. He was building a rebar cage for a soldier pile. A piece of rebar came loose and struck his finger, pinning it against a rebar horse and amputating his right middle finger. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, where he was treated for the amputation. He was not hospitalized. At 11:36 p.m. on June 25, 2013, the employer reported a serious injury to Cal/OSHA's Los Angeles Division. The subsequent investigation determined that Employee #1 had placed his hand between the rebar horse and a piece of rebar. Cal/OSHA issued no accident related citations.
struck_fatal	At approximately 9:30 p.m. on September 27, 2014, an employee was walking with a shovel and he was struck and crushed by a backing 10 wheeled dump truck. The em ployee was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:45 p.m. on March 30, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection compa ny, and Coworker #1, his supervisor, were engaged in steel erection at a multiem ployer construction project, a new manufacturing structure.  Employee #1 was in the basket of an aerial lift and installing/welding steel cross bars to an overh ead joist.  He became unresponsive, possibly from an electric shock.  The superv isor, using ground controls, proceeded to lower the basket.  When the basket was approximately 25 feet above the concrete floor, Employee #1 fell backward from the basket and landed head first.  Emergency services transported Employee #1 to the hospital, where he was treated for a fractured skull.  Employee #1 died dur ing treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on May 29, 2019, an employee used a ladder to climb on top of a wat er chiller to check the continuity the motor and fan. The employee was checking a receptacle when he made contact and received a shock causing him to fall 6 fee t to the lower level. The employee was hospitalized with a fractured left arm an d hip.
caught_fatal	On January 22, 2019, three employees were working in the bottom of a 25 feet dee p x 30 feet wide x 90 feet long when the trench collapsed.  Employee #1 was kill ed, Employee #2 was buried to the waist and had to be extricated, and Employee # 3 had been operating the excavator.  Both Employees #2 and #3 were transported t o the hospital.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:35 a.m. on July 31, 2019, Employee #1, a commercial truck driver, was makin g a routine delivery to Raley's store #343 using a Uni-Carrier WLX Series Walkie Electric Powered Pallet Jack to off-load the truck that he was driving. When Em ployee #1 arrived at store #343, he began unloading the pallets from the trailer with the electric pallet jack to stage them in the back room. As he was unloadi ng, coworkers at the store were using a cardboard bin with a plastic strap aroun d it to drag cardboard back to the bailer from the restocking of the shelves in the store. As Employee #1 walked passed the bailer to drop off another pallet, o ne of the store associates pulled the cardboard bin with plastic strap right int o the path of Employee #1, and as he walked by, heading to get another pallet, h is foot became entangled in the plastic strap causing him to trip and fall to th e ground.  Employee #1 was hospitalized to treat a fractured hip.
electrocution_nonfatal	On November 15, 2005, Employee #1 was part of a three-person crew that was measuring the elevation above grade of the fourth floor of a building. Employee #1 was on the fourth floor, between 10 and 15 ft away from the northeast corner of the floor edge. He began lowering the free end of a 100 ft steel tape measure to a coworker, who was waiting at ground level at the north side of the building. The site superintendent was positioned at a nearby transit to tell the coworker on the ground how to position the tape to establish grade level. Before the tape was fully lowered to the ground it contacted an energized 7,200-volt primary distribution line that was overhead to the north of the building. Employee #1 received an electric shock that entered through his right hand and exited near his right knee. He was transported to a local hospital, where he was treated for burns and then released. At the time of the accident, the wind was out of the south at between 5 and 8 knots.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 23, 2003, Employee #1, a lineman, and three coworkers were placing new 12 kilovolt conductors on utility poles in Anaheim, CA. The existing equipment, which had 12 kilovolt circuits, needed to be reconfigured to accommodate the new conductors. Employee #1 was in an International bucket truck with a Versalift bucket assembly, while one of his coworkers, a fifth-stage apprentice, worked with hot sticks and rubber gloves on the east side of the pole opposite the bucket. Existing conductors had been placed vertically instead of in the usual horizontal manner, so the work involved moving the street side, neutral 12 kilovolt conductors to the field side pole pin position. The neutral 12 kilovolt line had an unwanted crimp splice connector sitting atop the insulator, so Employee #1 pulled off this connector and clamped down the neutral line in the insulator. He then told the apprentice coworker to climb down, since this particular job was completed. The other coworkers, a groundman and the foreman, were also on the ground. Then, for some reason, the material handler load indicator contacted the energized phase, and a bucket control knob contacted the neutral wire, resulting in a phase-to-neutral flash. Employee #1 sustained second- and third-degree burns over 35 percent of his body, primarily his upper torso. Subsequent investigation revealed that at some point the insulating line hose covering the field side phase had been removed. Employee #1 was also supposed to be wearing rubber gloves, but his apprentice coworker was not sure if this was true.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 23, 2008, Employee #1 was using a miter saw to cut 0.25 in. round trim. While the saw was running, she reached across it with her left hand. The saw blade caught her sleeve and pulled her hand into the blade. The blade severely lacerated her hand near the wrist and almost all the way through. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where she received treatment and underwent surgeries. Following the medical procedures, she was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 5:15 a.m. on January 29, 2010, Employee #1, a laborer with Portermatt Electric, was walking on 2-in.-wide trusses to install conduit in the ceiling space of a grocery store. He fell through drywall, 23 ft to a concrete floor. Employee #1 was hospitalized at Northridge Hospital for head trauma, including fractures. He had been working for this employer for about five days.
struck_nonfatal	On March 21, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in roofing activity at a single family residence.  He was working from a ladder ja ck scaffold when the scaffold broke.  The employee fell, a fall height of 11 fee t, and struck the concrete surface.  He was transported to the hospital and admi tted for treatment of a fractured rib.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on August 24, 2020, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contrac tor, was preparing to install a new power line (cable) between two utility poles .  The employee threw the guide twine, used to pull the cable, toward the next p ole.  The guide twine arched higher than intended and made contact with the dist ribution power lines above the employee, through which flowed 2,700 volts of ele ctric current.  The electric current traveled down the guide twine to Employee # 1, who was electrocuted.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on April 22, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contracto r, was attempting to install an electrical cover over a high voltage electrical line.  The employee came into contact with high voltage electricity.  He was tra nsported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of electrical burns.
caught_nonfatal	On September 17, 2013, Employee #1, employed by a water and sewer line construction company, was working at a sewer/water treatment plant. He was installing a pressurized, 48-inch diameter pipe plug into a pipe. The plug suddenly shifted inside the pipe. Employee #1's hand was caught between the pipe plug and the inside wall of the pipe. His left thumb was crushed. Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for bruises, contusions, and abrasions of the left thumb.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on December 2, 2021, an employee stood on a rack system and steppe d onto a j-beam that was not properly installed. The beam tilted and the employe e lost balance, attempted to grab hold of something to stop their fall. The empl oyee fell approximately eighteen feet, received multiple fractures to the head a nd torso, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on June 10, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, wa s inspecting a residential rooftop to determine the size/scope of work.  The emp loyee contacted the energized, uninsulated electric power lines at the weatherhe ad and sustained an electric shock.  The employee was transported to the hospita l and admitted for treatment.
caught_fatal	On February 16, 2010, an employee was tying to main water line for new housing being built for the Kickapoo tribal elders. The main water line was 17-20 feet underground. The walls of excavation were straight vertical without protective devices and without sloping/shoring. The reported initial excavation was 17-ft deep and 8-ft by 8-ft square. The walls of the trench collapsed trapping and killing the employee.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:50 p.m. on November 22, 2017, an employee was preparing to pour sand into a furnace when some material fell from the furnace walls onto the employee's face and fingers.  The employee suffered second and third degree burns and was hospi talized.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on November 26, 2018, Employee #1 was engaged in roofing activity f or a new one-story residential structure.  The employee fell, a fall height of 1 0 feet, and the side of his body impacted the ground.  The employee received med ical treatment for body pain but was not hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 18, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a painting company, were working at a multiemployer construction project, a reside ntial building.  Employee #1 was working from the basket of a JLG aerial lift an d painting the building's exterior fascia.  Coworker #1 moved the lift basket, a nd the lift came into contact with a 13.2 kilovolt power line.  Employee #1 sust ained an electric shock and burns.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for electric s hock and burns to his head and hands.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 6, 2014, Employee #1 and a coworker were switching the hy draulic lines that controlled the upward and downward motion of a track hoe exca vator arm. The lines experienced a sudden and unexpected rapid loss of pressure, causing the bucked to lower, crushing and killing Employee #1.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 1, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in demolition work at a one-story building that was being renovated. He was attempting to remove drywall from around piping and other installed mec hanical equipment.  A nearby junction box had been left open by other employees working earlier in this space.  Employee #1 came into contact with live wires ex tending from the box, and he was exposed to 227 volts of electricity.  Employee #1 was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 3:37 p.m. on February 11, 2013, an employee was operating a truck-mounted aer ial device while performing service disconnects on communications cables. The em ployee was caught-between two cable wires and was killed after receiving severe injuries to the neck and chest areas.
fall_nonfatal	On March 7, 2014, Employee #1, a roofer employed by a roofing construction company, was working at a three-story multifamily apartment building. His task was to replace a small section of flashing on the edge of the roof. Employee #1 fell off the roof to the ground below, a fall height of approximately 28 feet. As he fell, his fall was broken by a tree limb. Emergency services were called and, upon arrival, found Employee #1 conscious and standing. He was transported to Western Medical Center, treated for a laceration to his nose, and released. This incident was reported to Cal/OSHA on March 7, 2014, by the Irving Police Department. During the subsequent investigation, it was established that the injury was non-reportable, because Employee #1 was under hospital care and observation for fewer than 24 hours. When interviewed, Employee #1 stated that the assigned task was of such a short duration that he did not put on his employer-provided fall protection, contrary to his employer's requirement. Had his 28-foot fall not been broken by the tree limb, his injury likely would have been more severe.
struck_fatal	On July 10, 2015, an employee exited a scissors lift and attached his safety lan yard to a precast concrete structural member that he was going to release from r igging.  The employee fell 40 feet to the ground when the structural member coll apsed.  The employee was killed from massive internal injuries as well as multip le broken bones.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on January 14, 2016, an employee who was a lineman was hanging fuse s and barrels onto an electrical cutout. The employee contacted a live electrica l line and sustained an electrical shock that killed him.
struck_fatal	On January 31, 2014, Employee #1, of United Mechanical Corporation, was working on a pipe at a manufacturing plant. He was attempting to remove the steel cap and steel ring coupling from the 10-inch HDPE high-density polyethylene pipe. The piping system had undergone a pressure test a couple months earlier, and the pipe the employee was working on was still pressurized. The pressure inside the pipe released, causing the steel cap and steel ring coupling to fly outward and strike Employee #1 in the chin. Employee #1 was killed by this blunt force injury. This fatal event was investigated by North Carolina OSHA. The investigation determined that Employee #1 had been employed for 13 years with the employer.
struck_fatal	At 6:10 p.m. on November 9, 2021, Employee #1, a forklift operator, was working in a lemon orchard near the intersection of Hwy 166 and Old River Rd, loading bi ns full of lemons onto a flatbed truck. Employee #1 finished his work for the da y. His personal vehicle was located in a nearby field, north of the field he was working in.  Employee #1 was driving the forklift (Harlo HP5000) northbound on Old River Rd. While on that public road, approximately 1 mile north of Hwy 166, he was struck from behind by a Peterbilt semi trailer truck towing two trailers full of carrots. The accident occurred after sunset. The forklift had a rear fac ing white light on. Employee #1 was pronounced dead on site. Employee #1 sustain ed fatal blunt force trauma injuries. Employee #1 was rear ended by a semi truck while operating a forklift on a public road, resulting in his death.
caught_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on April 18, 2019, two employees were working on a construction pro ject that was to become an egg hatchery facility and were setting up to perform work at elevation from a Genie GS-4047 Scissors lift.  Both employees were throw n from the basket and fell.  Employee #1 hit one of the cross beams during his f all before landing on the base unit of the scissor lift.  Employee #2 was caught and pinned between the falling basket and a horizontal structural beam 15 feet above the ground.  Employee #1 was killed and Employee #2 sustained a fractured clavicle, laceration to the left side of his skull and left forearm, and severe bruising to the abdomen.
struck_fatal	At 1:00 p.m. on June 18, 2016, an employee tack welded a second lintel and was o bserved on the stock boards of a scaffold, placing his weight against a third li ntel that was not tack welded and unsecured.  The employee fell around 7 feet an d a 8 foot lintel that weighed approximately 600 lbs. fell onto the employee and he was killed.
electrocution_fatal	On June 6, 2008, Employee #1 was operating an excavator when his machine contacted a 7,200-volt power line. He was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:57 a.m. on July 16, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a framing contractor, wa s working at the site of a new residential structure.  He was gluing sheets of O riented Strand Board (OSB), an engineered wood, to wooden floor joists.  The emp loyee fell off the edge of the floor at the stairway opening, a fall height of 1 0.5 feet, and struck the concrete floor one level down.  The employee required h ospitalization and treatment for pain to the back, head, and ribs.
caught_fatal	On October 14, 2009, Employee #1, of Morgan Keller, Inc., was working on construction site. While opening a storage container, his truck rolled backwards crushing him between the truck and storage container. Employee #1 died from his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 7:48 a.m. on April 25, 2013, Employee #1 was operating a 60 lb jackhammer on the private property of a port. The day before, the employer called Dig Alert to survey the area. Dig Alert did not arrive to the actual jobsite, because it was private property of the port. The employer received a drawing plan from the city. The city drawing plan did not indicate the subject energized conduit existed. Employee #1 was using the jackhammer to remove concrete that was obstructed the path of new conduits. As he was operating the jackhammer, the tip of the tool contacted an energized 2,400 volt circuit, which was contained in a polyvinyl chloride pipe surround by concrete. When the tool tip contacted the energized circuit, an electric arc occurred and created a blast that burned Employee #1's face, right hand and leg. The electric arc caused second-degree burn to his face, right hand and leg.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on February 13, 2017, Employee #1 was inside a railc ar repair facility and working in its car shop. He was assisting a coworker with the preparation and planned repair of top hatches of a hopper railcar. A fixed railcar ladder was used to ascend and descend from the top of the car. Fall prot ection system was not used. Employee #1 climbed down the fixed ladder with nothi ng in hand, lost his footing, and fell approximately 6 ft. He struck both heels on the concrete shop floor, resulting in two bilateral heel fractures. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	On January 14, 2004, Employee #1, with Valley Detroit Diesel Allison, a company who rents and setups of high voltage electric generators for temporary power, was contracted by the client to provide additional electrical power to boost up the power available from the utility company, which the client needed to test some special equipment. This client is involved in the manufacture and testing of cryogenic pumps and other parts used in the aerospace industry. The manufacturing and testing operations are housed in a large building. The employer had temporarily wired up additional generators to a transformer owned and maintained by the client. This temporary wiring setup including the generators and the transformer was entirely located outside in the parking area behind the manufacturing building. This testing had been completed and the employer was in the process of dismantling this temporary setup when this incident occurred. The circuits containing generators and the transformer had been completely shut down and there was no live part in the temporary wiring setup. The enclosure that housed this transformer for the temporary setup had three additional cables running through it. These cables were spliced inside this enclosure and had no connection to the transformer. These spliced cables carried Edison 4160VAC power for a 150-horse power motor used by the client as permanent equipment, which was not involved in the temporary wiring setup by the employer. It appears that the transformer enclosure was also used as a junction box for the spliced cables. Each of the spliced connections was covered with pieces of PVC pipe and some duct tape. Before the incident a coworker had tested transformer terminals and determined that there was no power in any part of the transformer. As part of the temporary setup dismantling process, Employee #1 was helping the corker to disconnect the cables from the transformer. While Employee #1 was disconnecting a cable from the transformer, one of the spliced connections was exposed, which started an electrical arc and fire. The right forearm of Employee #1 was burned in the fire before he could get away. Employee #1 suffered third degree burns to his right forearm and was hospitalized for three weeks.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on February 7, 2019, an employee was working for a firm that rented and leased construction, mining, and forestry machinery and equipment. He was l oading JLG lift, model not stated, onto a trailer. The wheel (of either the lift or the trailer) was turned slightly and the lift tipped over. The employee suff ered contusions. He was hospitalized.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on November 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a drywall company, w as working from the platform of a scaffold and installing drywall at a building construction site. He stepped backward on the scaffold's platform and fell. Emer gency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for a fractured hip.
caught_fatal	At approximately 8:00 a.m. on September 22, 2017, Employee #1 was talking to a d ump truck operator. Nearby, a loader was being used to load material into the du mp truck. The loader operator lost sight of Employee #1. The loader backed up pi nning him between the loader and dump truck. Employee #1 suffered crushing injur ies that killed him
caught_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on November 20, 2017, an employee was attempting to read the RPM of a packing roll and created a pinch point by placing the RPM tool on the roller. The employee amputated one of his fingers from his right hand when he caught i t in the pinch point and was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:18 p.m. on January 24, 2014, Employee #1, a self-employed construction contractor who operated an unlicensed grading company from his home, was clearing brush on one acre of a 10-acre parcel. He had been hired by the landowner, a construction general contractor who was paying him $40.00 per hour and providing the equipment, a John Deere 450G Crawler Dozer, for clearing the brush. The job was estimated to take 4 hours. The employer delivered the bulldozer to the worksite at 10:30 a.m. on January 24, 2014. At approximately 2:00 p.m., the employer returned to the site to check on the status of the work. Employee #1 asked for goggles, which the employer provided. Employee #1 told the employer he was almost finished the work. The employer left the site and returned at 4:00 p.m. The employer, after noticing that Employee #1's truck was still on site, walked down the slope on the property and found the bulldozer overturned on its side. Employee #1 was pinned underneath the bulldozer. The employer called for emergency services. The emergency responders arrived and pronounced Employee #1 dead at 4:31 p.m. on January 24, 2015. Cal/OSHA received a report of this event from the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Coroner Unit. Cal/OSHA initiated its investigation at 7:45 a.m. on January 25, 2015. The investigation determined that the seatbelt on the bulldozer was in working condition but was not being worn by Employee #1. Employee #1's brother, when interviewed, stated that his brother never wore a seatbelt when he drove large equipment. The employer who hired Employee #1 had not done any work since 2012 under the company name. The employer filed a Workers' Compensation claim based on this event. Cal/OSHA determined that the fatality was due to Employee #1 not wearing the seatbelt while operating the bulldozer. Because of lack of employer knowledge, no Serious Accident Related citation was issued to the employer.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:00 a.m. on January 8, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, was engaged in roofing activity at a new 32 feet high, one-story commercial buildin g.  As the employee was climbing a ladder to the roof, he fell.  Emergency servi ces transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
struck_fatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on January 9, 2017, an employee was using a chainsaw to cut a tree that was lying on top of power line. As the employee was cutting the tree top off, the treetop snapped and the power line catapulted the tree top up 50 feet and it came down on top of the employee.  The employee was struck in the head by treetop and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:00 p.m. on January 3, 2019, Employee #1, a plumbing technician employed by a plumbing contractor, responded to an afterhours plumbing emergency at a singl e-family residence.  Water was leaking from a ceiling fan in a bathroom.  Using a ladder, the employee climbed up to the attic with a camera, where he found the leaking pipe and took photos to send to his supervisor, because he needed help identifying the pipe material.  As the employee was walking and standing on the joists in the attic space, he fell between the joists and straight down through the ceiling, striking the floor and falling back into a wall.  The force of his fall created a hole in the ceiling that measured approximately 3 feet by 3 feet and a hole in the wall that measured approximately 2 feet by 3 feet.  Emergency services were called, and the employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for injuries that included a fractured ankle.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on May 18, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a drywall company, was wo rking at a multiemployer construction project, a new commercial building.  He wa s working from a scissor lift and leaning against the lift's top guardrail as he screwed drywall sheet to the ceiling.  The guardrail broke and collapsed, and E mployee #1 fell and struck the concrete surface, a fall height of 34 feet.  Emer gency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple fractures to his head and shoulder areas.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on March 1, 2017, Employee #1 was working in the weld/fabrication s hop at a river dam.  After taking measurements to fabricate an oil drip pan for a crane, he prepared the Metal Muncher Iron Worker to punch holes into a piece o f angle iron that would support the oil drip pan.  As he lowered the tap into th e die, he heard what he later described as a popping noise.  Employee #1 realize d that the limit switch was not adjusted properly.  Employee #1 felt swelling an d discomfort in his neck and approached a coworker, thinking metal from the punc h process may have struck and entered his neck.  They proceeded to the hospital, where Employee #1 was admitted.  He underwent exploratory surgery which removed a splinter of metal from his neck.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 8, 2017, an employee was removing items from the rack.  H e was pinned by his own forklift that he left running and sustained injuries to his right hand, arm, leg and foot. The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on August 4, 2018, Employee #1 was working on a dredging project fo r a power transmission line, a multiemployer construction project.  He was placi ng pins in an uninsulated power line when he sustained an electric shock of 7,62 0 kilovolts.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treate d for electric shock.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on June 21, 2017, an employee was working from a roof, unscrewing screws to detach clips that were holding roofing material in place. During work, a gust of wind caused the employee to fall 17 feet. The employee suffered a fra ctured skull and was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on January 20, 2016, Employee #1 was installing tar paper on a res idential roof. The employee fell 34 feet from a section of the roof and was kill ed.
caught_fatal	At 6:00 a.m. on March 14, 2018, an employee got out of his tractor and went to r aise the dolly legs on the trailer.  The employee did not set the air-brakes and , when he raised the dolly legs, the tractor and trailer rolled, pinning him bet ween two trailers.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 12:30 a.m., on or near September 29, 2006, Employee #1, a technical mechanic, and an electrical mechanic were about to replace a sump motor. After the electrical mechanic locked out the sump motor circuit breaker, located in the motor control room ("MCC-006") of the Wet Process Building, he set the outside sump switch to the "off" position and wired the new motor. Prior to returning the pump back to the sump, the employees attached a 3-inch diameter, right-angle pipe to the pump. The electrical mechanic returned to the MCC room to check on the leads to the motor and called the lead electrician to confirm that the readings were acceptable. After he was given clearance, the electrical mechanic removed his lock and energized the circuit to the motor. On his way back to the sump, he notified Employee #1 that the power was on. Arriving at the sump, the electrical mechanic did not see Employee #1 at the site. He went to his truck, which was parked approximately 30 feet west of the sump, and found it empty. Returning to the sump area, the electrical mechanic found Employee #1 face up in a small pond of water, approximately 10 feet from the sump. The electrical mechanic informed dispatch about the accident and quickly returned to the MCC room to deenergize the circuit to the motor and lock it out. After the electrical mechanic determined that the area around Employee #1 was not electrified, Employee #1 was pulled from the pond and administered CPR, until Weber County EMT arrived. Employee #1 apparently received an electric shock that caused his "hypertensive" heart to fibrillate, and he was killed. Upon request from the Deputy to the electrical mechanic, they found that the switch was in the "manual' position. Inspection of the pump revealed that two of the 480-volt, three-phase cable conductors were exposed and "shorted to the pump's steel house."
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:51 a.m. on September 13, 2013, Employee #1, an electrician helper employed by Orange Electrical Contractors Inc., was working inside the electrical room of an empty commercial building. He had been assigned to disconnect a ground wire from the de-energized lower portion of an electrical panel (RSE-SIERRA, S.O. 26528-12, 3000 AMPS, 480 Volt Phase to Phase). However, Employee #1 opened the energized upper section of the panel. He contacted the energized conductors of the three-phase circuit and was severely shocked. Emergency services were called. Employee #1 was transported to Corona Regional Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead from electrocution. This event was reported to Cal/OSHA at 1:55 p.m. on September 13, 2013. Cal/OSHA initiated its investigation at approximately 3:00 p.m. on September 13, 2013. It determined that Employee #1 had been working for the employer, an electrical contractor, for four months.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 a.m. on August 20, 2020, an employee parked his tractor or trailer truck on the apron or parking lot area of the dock, while waiting for trucking traffi c to clear so he could pull into the assigned dock. The employee had exited the cab of his truck to open the trailer doors while parked on the apron, a process referred to as pre-staging.  The employee got back into the cab of his truck to wait his turn to pull into the dock. The employee appeared to have exited the ca b of his vehicle again, to approach the truck of another driver who was in the p rocess of parking his truck at the dock.  There were no witnesses as to how the event happened, but the employee was struck by the truck. The employee was hospi talized but died from his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 1:15 p.m. on December 28, 2016, Employee #1 was moving a shale bin with a forklift using a stringer attachment and chain.  As he was rigging th e shale bin his right middle finger was in an eye of the chain.  The stringer at tachment moved causing the chain to tighten which amputated his finger at the se cond joint.  Employee #1 was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At approximately 7:10 a.m. on March 10, 2022, Employee #1 was one of three emplo yees conducting roofing activities on the breezeway at the time of the incident. The site is a public high school serving the population of Santa Rosa Califor nia. The employer task was re-roofing several of the structures onsite as well a s the breezeways between major structures. Employee #1 was in the process of cut ting roofing materials for installation on the breezeway when the incident occur red. Employee #1 suffered an unwitnessed fall from the leading edge of the breez eway, falling approximately 12.6 feet to the concrete surface below, striking hi s head. Employee #1 suffered extensive calvarial, skull base, and facial fractur es. Employee #1 was taken to the local emergency department via ambulance, where he was admitted. Employee #1 remained in a coma until March 21, 2022, when the next of kin decided to remove Employee #1 from life support, and Employee #1 die d shortly thereafter.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 11:30 p.m. on May 13th, 2005, crews were finishing repairs for a relatively minor storm damage. Employee #1, a lineman, responded to an outage call and arrived at a three-phase breaker (oil circuit recloser (OCR) location). The assisting apprentice arrived in a separate vehicle shortly thereafter. Upon arrival, Employee #1 told the apprentice that the center phase was open. The apprentice remained at the OCR location while Employee #1 patrolled the line. At approximately one-half mile east of the breaker pole, Employee #1 found a downed field phase. Employee #1 called the apprentice by radio. He told the apprentice that he had arrived at the downed phase and instructed him to open (deenergize) the two outer phases. After the apprentice opened the two outer phases, he drove to the downed line location to begin assisting Employee #1 with ground man duties. Employee #1 maneuvered the bucket between the neutral and road/center phases, as the apprentice assembled materials to be hoisted to Employee #1. As the apprentice was looking down at his hoisting materials, Employee #1 made bodily contact with the energized center phase. The Apprentice looked up, as Employee #1 made contact. He saw a flash, and Employee #1 fall back into the bottom of the bucket. The apprentice immediately called emergency medical services (EMS) and contacted another crew in the area to request help. He then put on his rubber gloves. After considering the possibility that the bucket truck was energized, the apprentice boarded the bucket truck in the approved manner. He then began lowering the boom out of the primary area. Two journeyman linemen, who had been working on nearby storm damage, arrived in time to witness the apprentice jumping aboard the bucket truck. The three employees rushed to retrieve Employee #1 from the bucket and immediately began CPR, which was continued until EMS personnel arrival. Employee #1 was transported to St. Clare Hospital in Crawfordsville, IN, where he was pronounced dead at 12:20 a.m.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on August 8, 2020, an employee was working in a crawlspace below a bathroom to repair a plumbing leak. At some point, the employee made contact wit h a live wire and began to receive an electrical shock. The employee called out for help and the apartment tenants shut off power at the circuit panel and calle d for an ambulance. The employee was killed by  cardiac arrest caused by electro cution.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 was electrocuted while making upgrades on a 7,200-volt power line. The original narrative gave no other details.
fall_fatal	At 9:35 a.m. on July 28, 2018, Employee #1 was standing on a Werner, Model numbe r 6206, six foot ladder, removing masking paper from the roof of the patio after painting.  The employee had to reach overhead to remove the paper, lost his bal ance and fell with the ladder. He hit his head on the concrete floor and was tak en to a nearby hospital. Employee #1 was hospitalized for surgery, but died on J uly 29, 2018 at approximately 9:10 a.m.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on January 18, 2021, Employee #1, a forklift operator employed by a construction company, was working at the site of a new two-story residence.  He had brought the trash box over to the back of the house and was standing on the ground picking up trash.  A gust of wind snapped the cross braces holding up a 21-foot wide by 22-foot high top heavy back framed wall, causing the wall to col lapse.  The falling wall crushed Employee #1 between one of the wall's cross bra ces and the trash box.  The employee was transported to the hospital and admitte d for treatment of extensive injuries.  These included fractures to both shoulde rs, both collarbones, and all ribs, and punctures to both lungs.
caught_fatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 21, 2016, an employee was standing next to an open tr ench when the side wall of the trench collapsed and he become engulfed. The empl oyee was killed from asphyxia.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:11 a.m. on January 17, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a roofing company, wa s working at a two-story residential building.  He set up an extension ladder an d began to climb to the roof.  Employee #1 fell from the ladder, a fall height o f approximately 9 feet, and hit his head on the ground.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and t reated for a head concussion and a fractured left elbow.
caught_fatal	At approximately 4:00 p.m. on December 16, 2014, Employees #1, #2 and #3 were p lacing highway reflectors on the right side of a highway.  They exited their ser vice trucks to look for an oil container to service some road machinery.  A car traveling in the left lane drifted into the right lane and struck Employees #1, #2, and #3. Employee #1s head was decapitated and he died.  Employee #2 receiv ed broken bones and Employee #3 received minor injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:15 a.m. on March 10, 2018, an employee was removing a metal pipe from the f ace of a building and it slipped from his hand.  The employee touched an electri cal power line and received a shock, burning his body.  The employee was hospita lized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on January 9, 2019, an employee was conducting electrical work near an energized power line. At some point, the employee made contact with the ener gized high voltage line and received electrical burns. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
fall_fatal	At 5:30 p.m. on November 3, 2017, an employee was working from a tapper scaffold to sand a wall. The scaffold tipped, the employee fell approximately 37 inches from the scaffold onto the concrete below.  The scaffold landing on the employee s chest.  The employee had a laceration on his head, a brain bleed, causing him to be in an induced coma and later died from his injuries.
electrocution_nonfatal	On May 6, 2005, Employee #1 and three coworkers, of Pouk & Steinle, Inc., a licensed electrical contractor, were engaged in installation and repair work on a transformer situated on a 45 ft tall power pole, ID #107349E, in the back yard of a single-family house in Covina, CA. The pole had been damaged by lightning the night before. The crew arrived at the site around 6:30 a.m. and started the job at approximately 7:30 a.m. Employee #1 and one of the coworkers climbed the pole to access the 12-kilovolt transformer. By about 9:00 a.m., they had replaced the damaged transformer and were doing final repairs when Employee #1's right forearm touched a jumper cable while his left foot and thigh were on an anchor cable on the pole. He suffered second- and third-degree burns to his left thigh and right forearm, for which he was hospitalized. According to the job foreman, Employee #1 was not wearing suitable insulating gloves, and the exposed energized wires and transformer parts were not guarded by sleeves, mats, or shields against inadvertent contact, as is required by regulation. In addition, an approach distance/clearance of 25 in. from the energized parts was not maintained. The employer was cited for violations of T8CCR 2940(b), general; T8CCR 2941(f)(1), serious; T8CCR 2940.2(a), serious, accident-related.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new commercial building. He was using a shovel to remove mud and debris from a trench when the trench c ollapsed.  The collapse caused a mini-excavator to fall and strike Employee #1, who was caught between the wall of the excavation and a rebar cage attached to t he excavator.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for punctured blood vessels in his abdominal area.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on November 4, 2020, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by an exc avation and construction company, were working at the site of a bridge demolitio n.  The coworker was operating an excavator which had a beam rigged to the bucke t.  According to the coworker, Employee #1 was standing in close proximity to th e bucket - 5 or 6 feet away - and observing/spotting the beam removal.  During o peration of the excavator, the beam and bucket swung and struck Employee #1, cau sing blunt force traumatic injuries to his head, chest, and abdomen.  Employee # 1 was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on May 15, 2018, an employee was moving a forklift forward when he collided with a second forklift, fracturing his foot and later amputating a toe. The employee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on October 3, 2009, Employee #1 was working for a large farm labor contractor that employed 500 people. It provided farm labor to the agricultural industry. Employee #1 had been working for the firm for two seasons, with a season lasting only 7 to 8 weeks. He was operating a catch-frame pistachio harvester between rows of pistachio plants to collect the nuts as they were shaken off the plants. At the time of the accident, he had just finished a twelve-hour night shift. He and his coworkers were riding on a mobile "bankout" wagon driven by another coworker for transportation back to their personal vehicles. Employee #1 hopped on the front edge of the mobile bankout wagon and sat facing forward, as three coworkers stood inside the empty bed of the bankout wagon, also facing toward the front. As the bankout operator drove along a dirt road taking the workers to their personal vehicles, he inadvertently struck levers near his right knee, as he was seated, causing twin parallel 18-foot-long augers with 4-inch blades to turn on and rotate. The augers caught Employee #1's shirt and pulled him in between the rotating augers, which were separated by 11 inches. The bankout wagon operator immediately turned off augers and stopped the wagon. At that point, Employee #1 was thrown out and onto a dirt floor. Employee #1 sustained deep chest and neck lacerations on his left-hand side. Emergency medical services were called, and Employee #1 was transported by Kern Ambulance to the Kern County Lost Hills fire station, where an air ambulance took him to Kern Medical Center in Bakersfield, California, for treatment. He was hospitalized for three days.
caught_nonfatal	At 12:45 p.m. on December 8, 2018, an employee was installing a conductor casing for a surface well and the chains that were being used to hoist the apparatus w as not balanced properly.  The employee pinched his left hand's index finger bet ween the chain and conductor casing when the chain shifted and partially amputat ed his finger.  Hospitalization was not required.
electrocution_fatal	Early in the afternoon of August 24, 2006, Employee #1 was engaged in plumbing work in a crawl space under a house. He was dragging a light attached to an extension cord with him when he was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:27 a.m. on August 22, 2017, an employee was coordinating vehicles in the a uction yard. He was putting a vehicle in neutral by pulling the linkage pin whil e lying underneath the vehicle.  The employee was run over by the vehicle when i t shifted and rolled over him but was not injured.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:00 p.m. on May 29, 2019, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a framing constru ction company, were engaged in roofing activity at the site of a new two-story c ommercial building.  Employee #1 was climbing down a ladder when he fell a heigh t of 12 feet, striking Employee #2.  Both employees were transported to the hosp ital, where they were admitted for treatment of fractures.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:15 p.m. on January 23, 2018, Employee #1 was installing an overhead medical gas line in a hospital's second floor emergency room.  He was working from an 8 -foot stepladder when he overreached and fell, a fall height of 5 feet.  Employe e #1 was hospitalized and treated for a fractured tibia.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on April 12, 2018, Employee #1, a helper, and his Coworker, a sheet metal installer, employed by a heating and air conditioning company, were insta lling a new air system at a renovation project, a movie theater.  They were work ing from a scissor lift to drill holes in the ceiling.  Employee #1 could not re ach the ceiling from the lift's platform, so he climbed onto a grease duct.  The duct could not support his weight, and it broke.  Employee #1 fell, a fall heig ht of approximately 28 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 wa s transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for multiple injurie s, including fractures to his right foot and right shoulder, lacerations to his right hand, and compression injuries to the spine.
electrocution_nonfatal	Employee #1 was using a pin welder when he received an electric shock. He was transported to the hospital, where he received ventricular fibrillation to regulate his heart. The grounding pin was missing and the ground-fault circuit interrupter was defective.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:05 a.m. on January 27, 2011, Employee #1 was working for America's Best Towing & Transport, Inc. It was a firm that specialized in towing larger vehicles, and it was located at a private residence in Fontana, CA. The accident occurred in Ontario, CA. Employee #1, a full-time employee, had worked for the company approximately 3.5 months. He had about 25 years of experience in the trade. He began his shift at 9:00 a.m. on January 27, 2011. He was scheduled to work through 6:00 p.m. The site in Ontario, CA, was his first call of the day. He was dispatched to this site to pick up a new garbage collection vehicle. Employee #1 aligned his tow truck with the other vehicle, with the back end of one facing the back end of the other. When Employee #1 attempted to use his lift, he found that the suspension system of the new vehicle was different than that of others he had towed. The T-bar on his truck could not reach far enough under the suspension of the garbage collection vehicle when it was fully extended. Employee #1 reported that he brought his T-bar lift back in toward his vehicle slightly, got back in his truck, and backed up a little closer to the vehicle he was going to tow. He had left the remote control to operate his lift on the ground while he backed up his truck. When he dismounted, he saw that the T-bar was now directly over the remote control. The T-bar was approximately four to six inches above the ground. That left only a narrow gap between the remote and the T-bar. When he tried to remove the remote control, the T-bar activated and came down, trapping Employee #1's left thumb between the T-bar and the remote control. Employee #1 was wearing a cloth and leather glove. His left hand was his predominant hand. Employee #1 retracted his hand, but the glove with his thumb inside remained in place. Employee #1 used the controls on the side of his tow truck to lift the bar. He was able to retrieve his thumb. Employee #1 was transported by ambulance to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center. Due to the condition of the thumb, it could not be reattached.
struck_fatal	At 11:30 a.m. on September 8, 2016, a 65 year old male, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were removing debris from the ground outside a two story masonry block struc ture being demolished while a sub-contractor was operating a high reach excavato r on the opposite side of the masonry block wall removing the roof of the struct ure. The operator of the high reach excavator was attempting to remove the final portion of the roof when the top ten feet of the masonry block wall fell outwar d striking  Employee #1 and Employee #2.  Employee #1 was killed immediately as a result of his injuries and Employee #2 was hospitalized for multiple fractures and severe head trauma.
struck_fatal	At 4:45 a.m. on February 1, 2022, an employee operated a truck to shadow a work crew placing traffic barrels on an interstate to prepare for guardrail maintenan ce repairs. At some point, a tractor trailer struck and killed the employee whil e operating the truck.
struck_fatal	At 10:20 a.m. on July 1, 2016, a worker was transferring material to the trailer of a truck.  As he completed the material transfer and was reconnecting the tra iler to its associated truck, both the trailer and the truck began rolling down hill.  The worker was struck by the vehicle and run over, crushing his head and chest. He was killed.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 10, 2018, Employee #1 was framing for new construction of a residence. The employee was walking on an I-beam when he fell 11.5 feet down t o a concrete slab. The employee is believed to have fallen head first onto the c oncrete, causing brain trauma and death. There were no witnesses to the fall.
electrocution_fatal	On November 28, 2011, Employee #1, an independent drywall contractor, was working alone, taping and spackling in a new one-family residence. The weather was chilly, and a small propane-powered heater was being used in the upstairs living space. Employee #1's supervisor started a generator in the basement storage area to provide electrical power, leaving the windows of the living space and the doors to the garage area adjacent to the basement open to provide ventilation. He then left the premises. At some point, the windows and doors were closed. When the home buyer arrived to connect an exterior propane tank, he discovered the generator running and fumes throughout the house. Employee #1's body was found at the bottom of the stairs to the basement. It appeared from the work completed that she had taped and spackled the stairway area and then descended into a lethal concentration of carbon monoxide. The inspection was discontinued once it was determined that she was an independent contractor.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 a.m. on May 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, w as working at a residence.  He was placing material on the roof, which had a 22 degree pitch, when he tripped on loose roofing material, lost his balance, and f ell, a fall height of 10 to 12 feet.  Emergency services transported the employe e to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple fractures, inc luding a compound fracture of the left ankle and leg and a fractured hand.  The employee was hospitalized for 2.5 weeks and required multiple surgeries.
fall_fatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 18, 2019, an employee was working as a framing carpenter and doing cleanup on the fourth floor of a building. While doing clean up, the employee fell thirty six feet through a wall opening. The employee was killed fr om fractured arm, leg and pelvis injuries received from the fall.
fall_fatal	At 1:00 a.m. on December 20, 2017, an employee was on the ground level when aske d by the site superintendent to join him on the roof of the building to assist i n installing steel decking. The employee climbed a ladder to access the roof. On ce on the roof the employee walked over to where the superintendent was fastenin g decking to the roof purlins. The employee fell through an insulation covered o pening to the concrete flooring below (a distance of sixteen feet). The employee sustained injuries to his head upon impact with the concrete floor and was kill ed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 5, 2006, Employee #1, who worked for a repairer and installer of high-voltage equipment and power lines, was changing 60-kilovolt-ampere conductors from an old pole to a new pole at a site in Richgrove, CA. He was touching a "dead" conductor when he decided to check the tension of the guy for the new pole. The potential energy from surrounding conductors energized the "dead" conductor and he received a shock when he touched the guy. Employee #1 sustained burns to both hands and he was transported to UMC Hospital in Fresno, CA, for treatment.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:30 a.m. on January 21, 2010, Employee #1 was an electrical quality tester. He was testing a 480 volt electrical panel. He was electrocuted and killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 8:55 a.m. on February 27, 2017, an employee was helping an operator position metal on an ironworker. As a 16 gauge sheet of metal was positioned on a Piranha ironworker (model number: P50), the employee's left index finger was pinned bet ween the machine and the metal sheet. The incident resulted in the employee's fi nger being amputated, which he was hospitalized and received treatment.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 26, 2019, an employee worked to bolt concrete wall forms t ogether. At some point, the employee began to climb down from the form and fell approximately seven feet. The employee was taken to a local hospital to treat a leg (femur) fracture.
caught_fatal	On December 22, 2010, four employees were working in a shop in which heavy equipment was repaired. They were reattaching the blade on a Dresser Industries, Inc., TD-20G bulldozer after its engine had been replaced. One of them was operating a Kobelco SK220LC excavator to assist in reattaching the blade. After arriving at the site sometime after lunch, the excavator's operator lifted the blade arms and attached them to the bulldozer. The operator moved the excavator to the front of the bulldozer so that Employee #1 and one of his coworkers could attach the chain to the blade and to the excavator. The coworker was standing between the blade and the bulldozer's engine compartment. He was placing a chain through the center lift point on the blade as the excavator's operator was positioning the excavator's bucket to support the blade. While these tasks were being performed, another coworker had removed some tools and walked up to the shop, leaving the area entirely. Employee #1 was moving the chain to place it around the bucket of the excavator. The bucket moved forward, squeezing Employee #1 between the bulldozer blade and the bucket. Emergency medical technicians arrived and transported him to a local hospital. There, the emergency room doctor and a coroner pronounced him dead from severe blunt force trauma. A police officer also responded to the scene.
struck_fatal	At 7:00 p.m. on February 24, 2022, an employee exited the cab of a Kenworth trac tor trailer truck parked in a highway construction zone. As the employee exited, a passing motor vehicle struck the employee who received fatal blunt force trau ma injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on December 2, 2014, Employee #1 was working with a c rew that was preparing a Liebherr LTM 1220 5.2 265 ton mobile crane for transit by coupling the crane's boom to a boom dolly. The crane operator backed the cran e into position in front of the dolly and positioned the boom over the dolly.  A ir lines from the dolly were connected to the cranes pneumatic system in order t o inflate the dolly's suspension and power the pneumatic pins that secure the bo om to the dolly. The dolly was designed to release its spring applied brakes onc e air is introduced into its pneumatic system. The dolly was parked on an inclin e of approximately 5 degrees without chock blocks. After the air lines were conn ected, the brakes were released and the dolly rolled forward pinning Employee #1 against the back of the crane crushing him. Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 2:00 p.m. on September 11, 2017, an employee was on the 3rd floor balcony usi ng a 5 foot A-frame ladder.  The employee fell from the balcony and sustained se vere head injuries.  The employee was rushed to the hospital where he was subseq uently pronounced dead.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:40 p.m. on May 8, 2019, Employee #1 was engaged in a commercial building de molition.  He was using a cordless reciprocating saw to cut the seams of a 6-inc h thick by 4-foot wide by 12-foot long insulated drop ceiling panel.  He was pos itioned between the ceiling joist and the drop ceiling when the ceiling broke fr ee from the suspension rods and fell.  The employee fell and struck the concrete floor, a fall height of 11.5 feet.  He was transported to the hospital, where h e was admitted for treatment of four fractured ribs and a collapsed lung.
electrocution_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on August 14, 2021, an employee had just completed a day of dumping a loads of asphalt on a road construction project. The employee parked his dump truck and was raising the bed to scrape the residual asphalt out of it when it came in contact with a 7,200 volt overhead power line. The dump truck became ene rgized and the employee, who was standing outside of the truck, was electrocuted and killed.
caught_nonfatal	At 10:25 a.m. on July 31, 2017, employee was working as forklift drivers and the n came to assist a coworker on another task. They were making fence feet blocks. The creation process involved the machine forming the bottom half of the block, placing two steel bars on top of the bottom half of each block, and then the di e cast machine stamping down with the top half of the block to complete the fenc e feet blocks.  The employee's right hand entered into the point of operation an d was caught in the machine as it came down. The employee received crushed thumb and index fingers, broken bones and diagonal laceration across backside of righ t hand. The employee was hospitalized and treated for his injuries.
caught_nonfatal	On November 12, 2008, Employee #1, a carpenter, was preparing a surface to install metal studs on an 18-ft high ceiling. Employee #1 was using a scissor lift, Skyjack SJIII Series Aerial Platform, Serial Number 3219. Employee #1 was trying to remove some extraneous tie wires, which were sticking out of the ceiling. When Employee #1 reached out to pull one of these wires, the tool pouch, which was on his waist, got tangled with the control lever of the scissor lift. This inadvertently pulled on the control lever, causing the scissor lift to move upward. Employee #1 was pinned between the guard railing of the scissor lift and a ceiling beam. A coworker lowered the lift by using the emergency switch at the bottom of the lift. Employee #1 fractured his ribs, lacerated his liver, and sustained abdominal and low back injuries. He was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 5:00 a.m. on April 13, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an electrical services company, was upgrading the electrical equipment at a commercial building.  He tr ied to install a ground wire on an electrical panel while electrical power was f lowing from the panel.  Employee #1's left hand made contact with a live 277-vol t busbar, and an electrical flash occurred.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for f ourth degree burns to his hand.  Employee #1 required hospitalization for approx imately two weeks.  The subsequent investigation determined that no personal pro tective equipment had been used.
fall_nonfatal	On January 30, 2014, Employee #1 was on the metal roof of a metal farm shop approximately 19 feet in height and he fell to the concrete below. He was working with lead Employee #2 on the roof and neither employee was wearing fall protection nor protected from a fall by any other approved means. Employee #2 was holding the other end of a chalk line and did not actually see Employee #1 fall from the roof. After hearing him fall, Employee #2 came down from the roof and called 911. Employee #1 was airlifted to a regional hospital, where he was admitted for several days as he underwent treatment, including surgery for thoracic and lumbar fractures, a pelvic fracture, and a left lower extremity fracture. .
electrocution_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on August 11, 2015, an employee was installing a pipe hanger. He gr abbed the pipe hanger and was electrocuted.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:45 a.m. on March 7, 2019, an employee worked from a ladder and at some poi nt fell approximately thirty-two feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat a back fracture.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on December 10, 2018, an employee was working for a firm that salv aged and recycled automobiles. He was operating a Toyota propane-powered forklif t. He was using the forklift to load pallets of alternators into a trailer. Once he had loaded the last pallet into the trailer, the trailer floor became lower than the dock. The forklift was stuck inside the trailer. The employee parked th e forklift, pulled the emergency brake, and climbed out of the trailer to inform the truck driver to move forward. The employee was standing on the rear passeng er side of the truck, informing the driver to move forward and readjust the trai ler to the dock. This way, the employee could position a ramp and back the forkl ift out of the trailer. As the truck driver moved the truck, the forklift slid o ut of the trailer and struck the employee on his left side. The employee suffere d a fractured leg, a lacerated kidney, pelvic fractures, and sacrum fractures. H e was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:45 p.m. on October 18, 2018, an employee was moving a piece of angle iron w hen it fell from the magnetic lifting device. The employee's left hand was caugh t between the falling iron and the floor and crushed. The employee was hospitali zed to treat an amputation of the left index finger, thumb fracture and middle f inger contusion.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on November 14, 2018, Employee #1 was spinning the tank head while the welder/fabricator drew tangent and degree lines. As the tank head turned, th e in-house manufactured hook straightened and the head fell.  The employee's lef t index and middle finger became caught between the tank head and the metal plat e below, crushing his left index finger, resulting in surgical amputation of the fingertip.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 5, 2021, an employee moved from one unit to the next to perform framing operations on new construction townhouses. At the same time a te lehandler (Genie GTH636 High Reach Telehandler, Serial # GTH06E11380) moved a lo ad of plywood in an elevated position. The telehandler struck a concrete block t hat caused the load of plywood to shift and fall from the forks onto the employe e. The employee was struck on the chest and abdomen by the falling plywood and k illed.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 a.m. on June 3, 2021, an employee exited the work truck to assist the cr ew leader with a road sign. A passing motor vehicle entered the lane closure, st ruck and killed the employee.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:40 p.m. on October 8, 2018, an employee was working on the trim inside a tr olley car and was tearing down some scrap wood to be used as stirring sticks on a table saw.  The employee lacerated his index finger against the table saw blad e while the guard had been lifted and was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 a.m. on March 19, 2019, an employee operated a telehandler with a man-b asket, which contained two coworkers. The coworkers were correcting an improperl y installed brace to one of the trusses. At some point, the employee left the te lehandler to retrieve a level for the coworkers when the trusses collapsed and f ell on top of the employee. The employee was hospitalized to treat two rib fract ures, puncture to large intestine (cecum), and an unspecified knee injury.
fall_fatal	At 10:00 a.m.on February 18, 2016, an employee was holding some steel roof sheet s. He had just finish passing a roof sheet to a coworker and the roof collapsed. He fell through the opening. The employee was killed instantly.
electrocution_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on December 1, 2020, an employee was operating a Bulkliner Model #4 4C2055 Feed Truck delivering grain to a stationary silo. The employee was positi oning his truck and equipment operating the discharge auger controls when the au ger made contact with a 69,000 volt overhead powerline approximately 11 feet awa y from the silo. The employee was killed when he was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 3:30 a.m. on October 6, 2019, Employee #1 and #2 were installing reflectorize d, snowplowable raised pavement markers on the highway lane.  At that time, an t ractor/trailer truck driver, hauling freight over long a long distances (OTR), c rashed into the two-man crew's mobile truck and operation worksite.  Employee #1 and Employee #2 sustained fatal injuries after being struck by an OTR tractor/t railer and were killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on January 31, 2018, an employee was moving material with powered r iding pallet jack and put it into reverse.  The employee had one foot hanging ou tside the frame and struck a stationary rack with his leg.  The employee fractur ed his leg and was hospitalized.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:45 p.m. on May 25, 2018, an employee was standing on an energized 6.9Kv tra nsformer (XFMR #1438) located in a Buried Underground Residential Distribution ( BURD) structure.  The employee attempted to move the old concentric cables (grou nd wires) while standing on the XFMR when his right wrist contacted the secondar y wires and his right thigh touched a metal object.   The employee received an e lectrical shock and suffered second and third degree burn injuries to his right wrist and right thigh.  The employee was transported by ambulance to Arrowhead R egional Medical Center before being transferred to Grossman Burn Center.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:45 a.m. on June 18, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a plumbing company, was working from an 8-foot Type A ladder at a residential construction jobsite.  He was drilling a hole in a ceiling joist in preparation for installing sprinkler t ubing.  The electric power drill he was using locked up.  The employee lost his balance and fell, a fall height of 4 feet.  Employee #1 was transported to the h ospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured right collarbone and a small brai n hemorrhage.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 2:20 p.m. on July 26, 2011, an employee was working at a new residential construction site in Novato, CA. The employee was operating a 1/4 yard capacity stucco mixer, Model Number WM0900P, Serial Number 759009. The employee's left hand became caught in the mixer, and his left ring finger and left pinky finger were amputated. The employee was hospitalized. The accident was reported to the Cal/OSHA Santa Rosa District Office at 3:23 p.m. on the day of the accident. The employee was an operator/supervisor employed by One Stop Construction Group, Inc., Novato, CA. The company was doing stucco work at the site.
struck_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on November 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete construct ion company, was working in an excavation at a depth of greater than 5 feet duri ng rehabilitation of a single-family residential property.  During the drilling process, a portion of the side vertical wall of the trench collapsed and struck the employee.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital for t reatment of rib injuries.  He remained hospitalized for approximately two weeks.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 10, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, w as doing rehabilitation work at a one-story elementary school.  He was on the ro of and installing ISO board insulation when a penetration was closed with insuff icient strength to support the intended load.  The employee fell through the ope ning and struck the floor.  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatment of multiple fractures.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 7:45 a.m. on June 9, 2009, Employee #1, an irrigation technician with Azteca Landscape Inc., was replacing a valve on a waterline. While making the replacement, Employee #1 cut into a PVC waterline. However, he cut into an electrical line and received an electrical shock. He was hospitalized for burns to his fingers, hands and legs.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:25 p.m. on October 15, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a concrete constructi on company, was making forms for pouring the concrete foundation of a new reside ntial structure.  He was using an electric Skilsaw power tool to cut a 2 by 4 wo od board that he was holding by his knee.  The employee lost control of the saw, and his leg above the knee came into contact with the saw blade.  Emergency ser vices transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted for treatm ent of the leg laceration.  The employee required surgery to close the wound and was hospitalized for more than two days.
fall_fatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on November 15, 2013, Employee #1 was performing ext erior masonry labor and working from a tubular welded scaffold. As he worked, he lost his balance and fell. Employee #1 struck the ground, suffering unspecified injuries, and was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	On July 11, 2008, Employee #1 was working as a framing carpenter at a residential remodel construction site. For approximately 2.5 hours, Employee #1 had been using a Skilsaw portable circular saw to cut 2-in. by 4-in. boards to lengths of approximately 6 ft to 8 ft, for the bottom and top plates of walls being framed. He was tacking the plates down on the snap lines and getting ready to raise the walls. Employee #1 did not remember all the details of the accident but stated that he had raised the 2-in. by 4-in. board off the floor by either placing it on a stack of 2-in. by 4-in. boards or by placing it over his left foot. Employee #1 was holding the saw handle in his right hand and using his left hand to secure the 2-in. by 4-in. board. Employee #1 stated that as he finished the cut and starting rising from his cutting position to put the saw down, the blade "probably" hit the plywood floor and kicked back onto his left hand. He heard the blade cut into the bone on his left hand. Employee #1 thought that a wood chip or a sawdust clump may have been caught between the blade and guard, making the guard slow to retract, and therefore allowing the blade to contact his fingers. After the accident, Employee #1 started yelling, "call 911." The homeowner ran upstairs and escorted Employee #1 down the stairs. The paramedics were called, and Employee #1 was transported to Ventura County General Hospital. He was kept in the emergency area at the hospital for approximately nine hours, while they tried to locate a vascular surgeon. Employee #1 was later told there was a surgeon on call at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital, and he was transferred there. He had surgery on his left index, middle, and ring fingers, to repair nerve, vascular, tendon, and bone damage. No amputations were required. Employee #1 was hospitalized for two nights and released on July 13, 2008. No Serious, Accident-Related violations were noted.
fall_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on August 22, 2014, Employee #1 and Employee #2 had just returned f rom their break. Employee #2 had been sitting in the truck with the air conditio ner on and appeared to be asleep.  Employee #2 opened the door of the truck and vomited, but stated that he was okay when asked.  Employee #1 and Employee #2 go t in an aerial lift and went up to work on the bridge. Both employees wore perso nal fall arrest with lanyards attached to anchor points on lift. Employee #1 ste pped under the gate of the aerial lift platform onto a wooden form on the north side of the bridge. Employee #2 leaned over and fell to the ground below. He sus tained multiple blunt force injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:34 p.m. on April 22, 2019,  an employee was pulling the hoist cable of a So ilmec SR-30 Hydraulic Rotary Rig, with a pair of shakeout hook spreaders attache d to the weight ball hook, to hook up a large metal pipe sleeve. The employee wa s killed when he pulled the hoist cable into a 13kV overhead high voltage power line and was electrocuted.
struck_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 26, 2016, a sewer department employee was struck by and ran over by a 1997 GNC 8500 Cabover truck, with a CS10 Series Power Take Office, controlled by an Allison Transmission.  The vehicle was equipped with a Safejet water jetting system that was being used to flush municipal sanitary sewers and the employee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on August 12, 2017, an employee was pulling on a rope to break a s ection of a cut tree trunk.  The employee was pulled into the air by the piece o f the tree, and when it broke loose. The piece landed on the employee's leg.  Th e employee was hospitalized where his leg was amputated.
struck_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 26, 2015, an employee was assisting in the placement of a centrifuge conveyor using an overhead crane. The conveyor was being placed on th e floor, and it detached from the hook and struck the employee in the upper back area. The employee suffered bruises to his back.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on November 19, 2019, an employee was retrieving an extension cord for a coworker when he fell into a skylight and landed on a roof vent. The roof vent collapsed and the employee fell twenty nine feet and was killed due to sku ll fractures received from the fall.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:45 a.m. on June 23, 2017, Employee #1 was painting an exteri or of the second story level of a house from a ladder. As he worked, he lost his balance and fell from the ladder onto a concrete floor. The ladder did not fall . Employee #1 suffered a head injury in the fall. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized for abo ut a week.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on August 24, 2021, an employee was being lifted in a n aerial lift basket contact with overhead high voltage.  The employee was kille d after touching the overhead high voltage line.
struck_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on June 18, 2019, an employee was slipping a chain underneath a boa t trailer when the prybar he was using to lift the trailer slipped and it pinche d his thumb between the table and the trailer. The employee suffered partial amp utation of the right thumb and was treated without hospitalization.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on December 27, 2021, two employees were working at a machine shop . They worked as welders or cutters. At the time of the incident, they were weld ing the cracked edges of a crucible. They were welding the cracked edges of a cr ucible. The crucible unexpectedly moved off the platform on which it had been pl aced. One employee was on the workplace floor welding a crack on the edge of the crucible. That employee suffered a hip fracture when part of the crucible fell on to and came to rest on his hip. The second employee was struck on the back of his head by a piece of the crucible's hoisting material. He suffered a skull fr acture. Both employees were hospitalized. The account mentions a third worker, w ho was not hospitalized. She worked as a welder. She was not mentioned in the na rrative.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on November 22, 2017, an employee was assisting in moving a storag e rack using a fork lift.  A storage rack fell and landed on the employee's leg, resulting in a fracture of the left tibia. The employee required surgery and wa s hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	At 3:15 p.m. on December 22, 2017, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a con struction company, were working at a multiemployer road project.  Employee #1 ha d just retrieved a backpack left in a skid steer vehicle when he turned over the vehicle's operation to the coworker.  The backpack's straps caught on the skid steer's controls, and the vehicle lurched forward and ran over Employee #1's foo t and leg.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
fall_fatal	At 5:18 p.m. on October 14, 2016, an employee was repairing the roof of an old m etal building by cleaning, cutting and adding flashing materials, and waterproof sealants. The employee was walking on the ridge of the metal building at a heig ht of about 15 feet and 3 inches when he fell through the fiberglass corrugated skylight and collided with a 10 foot long 2 by 4 piece of lumber which was part of the structure. The lumber was about 10 feet above the floor.  He landed on th e concrete floor and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:40 a.m. on February 26, 2014, Employee #1, a mechanic, was working for a drilling company. The company specialized in environmental drilling to determine the presence and absence of subsurface contamination. Employee #1 and two coworkers, were assigned to a three-man crew and tasked with re-spooling 0.625 in. wire rope back onto the drum on Rig Number S1095 (Air Rotary Rig TH50). While re-spooling the wire rope, Employee #1 maintained tension on the wire rope, as one coworker operated the controls to the winch line lever and the other coworker, the lead mechanic, ensured the wire rope was spooled correctly onto the drum. As the wire rope continued to spool, Employee #1 released tension on the wire because the block itself provided tension while the wire traveled vertically. The bolts on the outer face of the block caught the lip of the lower drill table. Employee #1 grabbed the block (Single-sheave Block Number 280) with his hands in order to pull it free. Employee #1's right hand was caught in the pinch point created by the sheave and the wire rope. Once freed, the block continued to travel vertically resulting in a serious injury to his right hand. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he was treated and hospitalized for the serious hand injury, which possibly involved a hand amputation.
struck_fatal	At 1:35 a.m. on November 15, 2014, an employee and a coworker were delivering a trailer at the FedEx Hub.  The coworker drove to the guard shack and dropped off the employee.  The coworker turned the truck to park it at the back of the Fede x facility, and struck the employee.  The employee was killed with multiple frac tures.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on June 20, 2019, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were assigned to ins tall siding a two-story residential home. The employees used a scaffold to condu ct the work with Employee #1 standing the top level and Employee #2 on the level below. Employee #1 held a section of siding in position and attempted to use a nail gun to nail the siding into position when the employees felt the scaffold t ip. When the scaffold fell over, Employee #1 fell approximately fifteen feet and Employee #2 fell. Employee #1 was hospitalized to treat head trauma and a wrist fracture, and Employee #2 was treated and released for a nose and arm fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:20 p.m. on September 8, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working at a multiemployer jobsite, a regional medical center.  He was w orking from a scaffold's work platform and dismantling the scaffold when he step ped backward and fell.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was tran sported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fracture to his righ t ankle.
fall_fatal	At 8:00 a.m. on February 22, 2021, an employee was in the process of removing pl astic sheathing, fell approximately fifty feet between the opening between a sca ffold and a catwalk grate, and was killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 11:30 a.m. on February 13, 2017, Employee #1 was operating a ro ller bender machine and preparing to make 0.75 in. bow bends in approximately 1 in. wide by 1 in. tall by 70 in. length of aluminum square tube stock for the ma nufacturing of trailer. He was untrained on the machinery. Employee #1 placed th e aluminum stock into an unguarded in-running roller wheels (point of operation) and pinched his left index finger between the aluminum stock and roller bender wheels. His left index fingertip was degloved with no fractures or amputation of the finger. Employee #1 received treatment for the fingertip injury onsite and was not transferred to a medical center.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 11:15 a.m. on March 7, 2017, an employee and three coworkers we re delivering material to a commercial roofing job site.  It was a cold and wind y day with temperatures in 50's. After putting a pallet on the roof the employee and coworkers went on the roof as well.   They decided to use a safety monitor for fall protection as they went on to the roof.  The crew decided to check the roofing material if it was the right for the job site. The employee was standing close to the edge and the safety monitor noticed the employee.  As they were la ying out the roofing material, strong gusts of wind came and lifted the roofing material.  The roofing material struck the employee and pushed him off of the ro of.  The employee fell around 17 feet to the concrete.  The company did have fal l protection in place (safety monitor) but the roofing material still pushed the employee off of the roof.  All workers were trained in the use of a safety moni tor.  The employee suffered a broken elbow and a fractured leg for which he was hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on July 19, 2018, an employee was painting the exterior of a resid ential (duplex) house. The employee was on one of two aluminum ladders set up to paint the left side of the house. The employee was using a paint brush and roll er. Both ladders where set up within the approach distance of the electrical ser vice to the residence. No one saw the employee fall, but a witness indicated the employee was working on the left most ladder. The witness heard the employee ye ll and land on the driveway. The employee sustained a broken right femur and sev ere head trauma and died.
caught_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 14, 2022, an employee was operating a forklift while att empting to dump a trash bin into a larger roll-off dumpster at a residential con struction site. The trash bin was attached to the forks of the forklift, and whe n the employee released the latch on the trash bin and pushed it over to dump it , the bin rolled forward and then came backwards quickly.  When the bin rolled f orward, it pinched and crushed the employee's hand between the bin and the fork of the forklift.  The employee suffered a partial amputation of their left pinky , and required medical treatment without hospitalization.
caught_nonfatal	At about 10:00 a.m. on January 26, 2012, Employee#1, electrical trade, LA City Water&Power, attached Kelly Bar and drilled anchor. Employee#1 asked a coworker, an operator, to lower boom to remove Kelly Bar. Apparently, Employee#1, without safety steel/toe shoes, held bar end, hit cracked pavement pinching right foot between drilling head and ground. He cut/lacerated right foot, requiring hospitalization for 2 weeks.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:15 a.m. on April 10, 2017, Employee #1, a construction subcontractor, was e ngaged in exterior carpentry at a multifamily building project. He was attemptin g to set up trusses when he fell from the second story, a fall height of approxi mately 28 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital. He was admitted and treated for multiple leg and ankle fracture s.
fall_fatal	At 3:30 p.m. on December 21, 2016, an employee was on a roof and fell through a skylight.  The employee landed on a concrete floor and was killed.
struck_fatal	At 9:45 a.m. on June 22, 2018, Employee #1 had completed removing old siding fro m three dormers. The employee crossed over the peak of the roof from front to ba ck and fell approximately 32 feet to the concrete. The employee sustained multip le fractures and a puncture to the head, possibly from a hammer. Employee #1 was killed in the fall.
electrocution_nonfatal	At approximately 1:30 p.m. on August 29, 2013, Employee #1, a foreman, and a coworker were engaged in dry wall installation and non- structural framing. Employee #1 was framing walls using an electric screw gun and the coworker was assisting and cutting metal studs based on measurements provided by Employee #1. Employee #1 went up a 10-foot stepladder, holding his screw gun with his right hand. The screw gun was a HILTI SD 4500, 120 V, 60 Hz, 6.5 A with Serial Number 447908. As he climbed the ladder, he struck an electrical busbar (busway) with his tool, creating an arc flash. The overhead busway was approximately 9 in. wide and 5 in. deep. Employee #1 sustained flash burns to the right side of his face (first- and second-degree burns) and right arm (second-degree burns). The coworker transported Employee #1 to a hospital, where he was evaluated and treated. Employee #1 was then transferred via ambulance to the burn unit of a medical center, where he was hospitalized for approximately seven days.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:45 p.m. on January 17, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was preparing to conduct welding on the second floor edge of a three-story co mmercial building that was being constructed.  He was standing on a work platfor m that was being lifted on the forks of a forklift.  The work platform slid off the forks, and Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 12 feet.  Emergency services w ere called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted an d treated for bruising to his lungs and side torso.
struck_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on December 10, 2019, Employee #1, a carpenter, was working at a mu ltiemployer construction project, a six-story multifamily residential structure. He was installing framing pieces around an elevator shaft when he was struck b y a crane load.  The employee was knocked into the elevator shaft and fell to th e concrete floor, a fall height of approximately 80 feet.  Employee #1, who sust ained multiple injuries, was killed.
fall_fatal	At 12:15 p.m. on June 26, 2015, an employee was waiting for a load at a job site when he began to clean the windows of his truck. When finished, the employee al legedly fell while climbing down from the hood of the truck, striking the ground below. The height of the fall was approximately four feet.  On June 29, 2015, t he employee went to the emergency room where doctors determined that he had a ru ptured spleen and subsequently underwent surgery on July 1, 2015. The employee d ied the following day as a result of complications from his injury.
fall_fatal	On August 29, 2013, Employee #1 was involved with a texture coating application on the side of a new commercial building under construction. He was working from the third level of a scaffold, approximately 21 ft high. Employee was engaged in hauling buckets of tools and water up from the ground to the third level with a rope. As he worked, he lost his balance and fell. Employee #1 sustained head and left arm injuries. Employee was engaged in hauling buckets of tools and water up from the ground to the third level with a rope. Emergency medical personnel were summoned. They arrived and transported him to a hospital. At the hospital, he underwent medical procedures, but died five days later on September 3, 2013.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:10 p.m. on December 19, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was working at a multiemployer construction project for a commercial buildi ng.  He was wearing safety glasses and cutting heavy nine-gauge wire from a bund le of rebar.  A piece of the wire flew out and punctured his eye under his safet y glasses.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to t he hospital.  He was admitted and treated for the eye injury.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on March 7, 2019, Employee #1, employed by an electrical contracto r, was installing 12/2 Metal Clad (MC) cable wire above a drop ceiling at a one- story commercial building.  He was working from an extension ladder when he fell .  The employee was transported to the hospital, where he was admitted for treat ment of fracture to his knee, foot, and elbow.
caught_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on October 26, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in the demolition of a four-story commercial building.  He was re moving a Stanton bolt from a metal stairway when the stairway shifted, and the t ip of Employee #1's right hand index finger was amputated.  Employee #1 received treatment for the amputation.  He did not require hospitalization.
fall_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on August 7, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was erecting the framework for a two-story residential structure.  The employee , who had no fall protection, was working from the unguarded first floor deck wh en he fell off the edge.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 10:49 a.m. on February 24, 2015, Employee #1 was measuring the location of pu rlins and roof panels in preparation for installing a raised metal seam roof.  E mployee #1 was working from a man basket mounted on the forks of a Caterpillar T L1055 all terrain forklift, measuring and marking roof panel and purlin location s, when Employee #2 started moving the forklift northerly along the west wall of the steel frame aircraft hangar. Employee #1 was approximately 24 feet off the ground when the forklift started tipping forward and the rear of the forklift s tarted to raise off the ground. Employee #2 started to retract the extended boom when the rear end of the forklift dropped back onto the ground. This action cat apulted Employee #1 out of the man basket.  Employee #1 fell and struck the dirt below, causing fatal head injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 3, 2019, an employee was standing on top of compost materi al in a Lufkin dump trailer using a shovel to move material from the edge into t he bed of the trailer. the employee slipped off the edge and fell approximately 8 feet the ground. The employee fractured his lumbar vertebra and required hospi talization.
struck_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on November 29, 2018, an employee was installing a ground wire on a transformer and the boom lift was stuck in the lift position and struck an I-b eam, fracturing his vertebra.  The employee was hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 6:30 p.m. on September 28, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a construction comp any, was installing underground plumbing conduit along a causeway connecting an island to the mainland.  As the employee was standing alongside a rotating rod, he placed a 60-inch wrench on a rod, which was rotating at 60 rpm.   The wrench locked in place on the rotating rod, causing the employee to be slung to the oth er side of the rod.  The wrench rotated with the rod and struck the employee in the abdomen.  Employee #1 sustained blunt force traumatic injuries and was kille d.
struck_fatal	At approximately 7:00 p.m. on February 1, 2017, an employee was assisting truck mechanics in the repair of a tire which was leaking air. The employee was standi ng in front of the leaking tire after having noticed a piece of metal that had p unctured the tire and was waiting with a mechanic while a second mechanic retrie ved a tire repair kit. Prior to identifying the tire puncture, numerous attempts were made to add air to the tire. The employee was standing approximately 3-fee t directly in front of a tire mounted on a semi-truck that was in the process of being repaired when the side wall of the tire ruptured exploding compressed air outwards towards the employee. The employee was blown off his feet and thrown a pproximately 6-feet backwards consequently striking his head on the floor. The e mployee's head struck the floor resulting in a concussion and closed head injury . The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 1:06 p.m. on September 26, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, was climbing a scaffold at a single-family residence.  The employee fell from t he scaffold and hit his head on the surface.  The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 11:15 a.m. on April 26, 2019, an employee worked on the second level of a sca ffold to apply stucco to the exterior of a residential home. At some point, the employee placed their hand on a cross brace that gave way and the employee fell approximately sixteen feet. The employee was hospitalized to treat a right foot fracture and leg swelling.
electrocution_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on January 22, 2013, an employee was performing upgrades to a camp us electrical distribution switchgear. The employee was working with phase volta ge that measured 4,160 volts AC from phase and 23,000 volts AC from phase to gro und. Using a utility knife, the employee was installing bus extensions when he w as electrocuted by the 4kv switchgear due to the lack of de-energizing the prope r breaker.
caught_fatal	At 8:15 am on August 6, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a steel erection company, was working at a multi-employer construction project, a two-story commercial bu ilding.  He was working from an aerial lift bucket and welding an angle iron.  E mployee #1 became caught between a steel beam and the controls of the lift bucke t.  He sustained crushing injuries and was killed.
electrocution_fatal	Early in the afternoon of August 24, 2006, Employee #1 was engaged in plumbing work in a crawl space under a house. He was dragging a light attached to an extension cord with him when he was electrocuted.
caught_fatal	At 9:15 a.m. on April 3, 2013, Employee #1 was standing on the loading dock. As an incoming tractor trailer backed up to the dock, the employee either jumped do wn from the dock to close the doors and secure the load bar or he may have falle n from the dock between the trailer and the dock. Employee #1 was pinned between the dock and the back of the semi-truck, sustaining crushing injuries to his ch est and abdomen, killing him.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:00 p.m. on October 3, 2017, Employee #1 and Coworker #1, employed by a petr oleum products company, were working at an above-ground storage tank.  Employee #1 was on top of the tank and handling a turbine that was being lifted out of th e tank.  Coworker #1 was operating a ground-level boom being used in the lifting operation.  The strap from the boom broke, and the turbine swung and struck Emp loyee #1.  Employee #1 was knocked to the tarmac, a fall height of approximately 13 feet.  Coworker #1 called for emergency services, and Employee #1 was transp orted to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for numerous fractures, incl uding his shoulder blade, collarbone, and 10 fractured ribs, and a dislocated an kle.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 10:00 a.m. on August 2, 2017, an employee was inserting flat st ock into a rolling machine. The employees fingers were caught-in a nip point re sulting in amputation of right-hand middle finger at second knuckle. The employe e was not hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At approximately 7:00 a.m. on June 25, 2015, Employee #1 was on a 30 degree slop ped metal standing roof.  He was preparing to install Z-panels across and atop a gabled-roof-section.  The sloped surface of the gable ran up 103.75 inches to t he peak from the lower edge, which was approximately 3 feet above the flat roof. He was not wearing any type of personal fall-arrest protective equipment. He fe ll 15.75 feet and suffered massive blunt force trauma to his head and died.
electrocution_nonfatal	A project engineer for a building contractor was troubleshooting a high-voltage electrical system at a construction jobsite. He removed a fuse block from an electrical cabinet. As he was reinserting the fuse block, an electrical fault occurred in the cabinet. The ensuing electric arc burned the employee on his hands and face. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 1:59 p.m. on April 6, 2016, an employee was climbing or descending from a hom emade wooden straight ladder. The ladder slipped and the employee fell to the gr ound, striking his head and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:00 a.m. on July 19, 2019, an employee and coworker worked to erect a scaffo ld. At some point, the employee fell approximately fifteen feet, and hospitalize d to treat fractures to the right wrist, left ankle, and pelvis.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:15 p.m. on May 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was engaged in carpentry work at a multiemployer construction project, a new fiv e-story multifamily residential structure.  He was walking on the planks of a sc affold and helping coworkers install third floor trusses when he fell through a second-story window opening, a fall height of 18 feet, and struck his head on tr usses stored on the ground.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a head laceration and facial contusions.
caught_nonfatal	On April 19, 2010, Employee #1, a forklift operator, was in the process of picking up items from a rack, using an orange colored, electric stand-up Toyota Forklift, Model Number 7EFU23 with Serial Number 32896. As he turned to back out the forklift, he saw some papers on the forklift that were falling. Employee #1 reached out to grab them to keep them from falling. As he grabbed the papers, his left leg automatically raised itself backwards and up, outside the frame of the forklift. Simultaneously, the forklift steered backwards, pinching his outstretched left leg, in the shin, between the rack and the forklift, causing it to fracture. Employee #1 also slammed his back into the lowermost shelf on the rack as he travelled backwards. The Accident was reported to the Division on April 20, 2010.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 7:00 p.m. on June 30, 2009, a worker was employed by a company that manufactured snack foods. The worker was troubleshooting a packaging machine (Douglas Universal Auto Case Packer, Model UACP, and Serial Number M-408150). He needed to repair the "flap retrieval fingers", which did not open or close. The power on the machine had to be "ON" in order to troubleshoot the problem. The interlock switch was by-passed by using a magnet to keep the power "ON." A coworker was on the control, and he asked the worker to push the "flap retrieval fingers" assembly up with his hand. As he was pushing the assembly up, the machine moved and his left foot got caught between the carriage and the "box pusher", causing multiple fractures to his foot. The worker required surgery and hospitalization for two days.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 3:00 p.m. on March 28, 2017, an employee was retrieving a windo w, while standing in a forklift, from a wooden box loaded on a forklift. After p lacing his foot on the  scissor lift's midrail, the employee exited the lift and placed his other foot inside the wooden box loaded on the forklift. This caused the wooden box to fall and the employee fell to the ground below. The employee was hospitalized and treated for fractures to his wrist, nose and lower back.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:00 p.m. on October 27, 2018, an employee was using a grinder (Dewalt, Mode l Number DW840) with a type 27A cutting wheel to grind a I-beam. The wheel shatt ered and a section struck the employee's tibia and fractured it. The employee wa s taken to a local hospital for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 2:45 p.m. on November 9, 2015, a worker was operating a forklift. As the fork lift was still moving, the worker jumped to the ground for an unknown reason. Th e forklift struck the worker and ran over his left side, killing him.
caught_fatal	At 12:30 a.m. on June 2, 2020, an employee was standing in a concrete material p lacing machine hopper while cleaning it while the hopper auger was rotating and caught the employee by the legs and amputated them. The amputation injuries kill ed the employee.
caught_fatal	At 1:45 p.m. on March 11, 2016, an employee was operating a jackhammer chipping at the fireplace hearth.  The employee was crushed and killed when the 17 feet h igh facade fell onto the employee.
struck_fatal	At 3:00 p.m. on April 17, 2019, an employee was trying to remove a pig or sizing plate with a probing rod that had a hook on it when it became stuck between the pipeline and receiver or trap.  The employee was struck in the torso when the p ig became dislodged and sustained blunt force trauma, killing him.
fall_nonfatal	On March 28, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a building products and construction company, was standing next to a railing and waiting for a delivery at a multiem ployer construction project.  The railing broke, and Employee #1 fell.  Emergenc y services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitte d, and treated for a fractured jaw.
electrocution_fatal	A journeyman power line worker and an apprentice were assigned to repair the downed primary and neutral conductors on a 12.96-kilovolt (7200-volt-to-ground) overhead power line located in a very rural area toward the end of the service. The recloser-type oil circuit breaker feeding the general area was open (according to the power line worker), and the conductors, which branched off the incoming line, had fuses that were open. The employees reconnected the downed primary, secured it to the far pole, and sagged the conductor. The conductor was then ready to be jumpered to the feeder line. At this point, a second crew, which stopped by to drop off supplies, began to assist in the operation. Wearing pole climbers and a harness, the apprentice climbed to the top section of the utility pole. In position on the pole, he started to don his insulated gloves when he appeared to lose his balance. He reacted by throwing his arm in the air and apparently contacted the incoming line, which was supposedly deenergized by the open circuit breaker. His coworkers heard arcing, indicating that the line was energized. The apprentice asked for someone to help him and then slumped back with his harness holding him in place. The second crew ran to the truck, drove it through a fence, and used it to rescue the injured employee, whereupon they administered cardio-pulmonary resuscitation. Emergency medical services arrived and tried to defibrillate the apprentice. However, their efforts to revive the employee were unsuccessful, and he died of electrocution.
caught_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 26, 2019, an employee installed fiber material on and arou nd piping connected to a drain box while a coworker operated a backhoe. The cowo rker used the backhoe to backfill the excavation with soil. At some point, the c oworker lost sight of the employee while moving the bucket and caught the employ ee between the bucket and the drain box. The employee was hospitalized to treat rib fractures.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 7:35 a.m. on January 14, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a concrete constructi on company, was working from an 8-foot Werner stepladder at a commercial buildin g site.  He was pulling down concrete formwork plywood from the ceiling level wh en an electric arc flash occurred at the electrical bus duct below the work area .  The employee sustained arc flash burns to the lower legs, hands, and arms.  H e was transported to the hospital and admitted for treatment of the burns.
fall_fatal	At 8:30 a.m. on June 5, 2018, an employee was climbing a ladder.  The ladder sli pped and the employee fell off the ladder, resulting in a severe head injury and possible liver injury.  The employee was killed.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 10:30 a.m. on July 22, 2019, an employee and coworker were conducting electri cal work in a residence. At some point, the red conductor was connected to the b lack conductor and an arc flash occurred. The employee received first degree bur ns to the face, neck and right leg and was hospitalized to treat the injuries.
fall_fatal	At approximately 5:30 p.m. on June 29, 2015, Employee #1 falls from a balcony an d is killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on January 31, 2019, an employee and two coworkers walked on the fi rst level of a scaffold. At some point, the scaffold collapsed and the two cowor kers were able to jump clear, but the employee fell approximately eight feet wit h the scaffold and received a fracture to the right leg. The employee was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on April 27, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a powerline contractor , was working at an overhead power transmission line.  He was lifting a hoist wh en he incurred an electric shock and burns.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for e lectric shock and burns.  The subsequent investigation indicated there may have been a current ground out.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on February 12, 2009, an employee was operating a forklift, Komatsu Model Number FG30 HT-12, Serial Number 556331A. The employee was attempting to pick up a 5,400 lbs. load of PVC pipe that was not centered on the forks. The forklift turned over to the left, pinning his left foot, causing fractures. The employee was hospitalized and treated for fractured foot.
struck_fatal	At 10:56 a.m. on March 12, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, wa s working on the patio roof of a two-story residence. He was applying 3M Contrac tors Grade 3-inch Masking Tape to the trim in preparation for repainting the hou se.  He was not using any fall protection.  The employee fell and struck the con crete surface, a fall height of approximately 14 feet.  He was transported to th e hospital, admitted, and treated for a fractured skull and traumatic injuries t o the head, brain, and face.  He remained hospitalized and died 21 days later fr om his injuries.
struck_fatal	At approximately 4:15 p.m. on October 8, 2014, an employee was working in a tunn el boring machine setting up the conveyor. The tunnel boring machine's cutting b lade became jammed due to a rock or other hard object which caused the conveyor to jerk and strike the employee's head.  The employee suffered from blunt force trauma and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At approximately 10:20 p.m. on May 22, 2017, Employee #1 was retrieving his weld ing helmet. After retrieving his welding helmet, he turned around and walked int o a load of 10 slider rails that were being moved to the welding line on a Hyste r 60 forklift. Employee #1 was struck in the face around his nose area and the r ails fell off the forks into the floor and struck his right foot. Employee #1 su ffered multiple injuries in the incident, including a broken nose; lacerations a round nose and lip;  one broken tooth; facial fracture (nose area); scraps on le ft arm; dislocated toe on right foot;  and, right foot fracture. The metal slide r rails were 18 ft long by 8 in. wide. Employee #1 was transported to a medical center, where he received treatment and was then hospitalized.
struck_fatal	At 11:00 a.m. on February 15, 2022, an employee was using a crane to move a rece ntly completed weldment (completed welding project) and stack it on top of other completed weldments on a cart. The employee was using a crane, nylon strap and company made lifting component to lift and stack a recently completed steel part weighing 740 pounds. The production order had called for the creation of ten id entical weldments, which measured 102 inches (length) by 157 inches (width) by 5 .75 inches (height). The employee had rigged the part to be lifted and had the p art suspended in the air above head level. As the employee was approaching the c art, where other completed parts were already stacked, the part being lifted str uck a part on the cart and became dislodged from the homemade spreader bar. The dislodged part fell and struck the welding employee in the head, resulting in a laceration to the head and loss of consciousness. Coworkers began CPR, which was continued by first responders, after the injured employee was discovered not br eathing. The employee was transported via ambulance to a hospital for continued treatment. The employee died five days later.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 5:30 a.m. on March 6, 2009, Employee #1 and a coworker were lowering an "arrow board" (a lighted sign) to prepare it to be moved back to a storage lot. Employee #1 placed his left hand on the part of the arrow board frame that he thought was stationary. When the coworker removed a pin, the arrow board suddenly fell onto Employee #1's left hand, crushing it. He was hospitalized for amputations of his right index and middle fingers.
fall_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on May 15, 2015, an employee was assisting coworkers performing woo d framing for a house.  The employee fell while climbing a ladder to bring bottl es of water to the coworkers on the second level of the home.  The employee suff ered a fatal head injury with contact to the basement concrete floor.
struck_nonfatal	At 4:00 p.m. on August 23, 2018, Employee #1 was performing repairs on a dome st yle, membrane roof. Employee #1 then slipped, lost his balance and fell from the elevated roof level and afterwards suffered a broken leg when striking the grou nd level.  Employee #1 was then hospitalized following the incident.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:53 p.m. on June 15, 2021, an employee was working for an electric power coo perative. It distributed electric power. He had been dispatched to a power outag e. The outage had been caused by fallen tree limbs and vegetation that had lande d on a single conductor energized at 14.4 kV. The employee was working from with in the insulated bucket of a Terex model LT38 extendable articulating boom, with serial number 2100441543. It was mounted on a yellow 2016 Dodge Ram 5500 Hi Ran ger utility truck owned by the cooperative. It had the coop's serial number 2051 , VIN 3C7WRNBL3GG275387, and Florida license plate GBR007. The employee had cut tree limbs with fiberglass handled cable cutters. When limbs were cut, the tree limb and vegetation pulled down and pinned the primary and neutral conductors ac ross the top of the insulated bucket. At some point, the employee had touched th e conductors with only a leather glove on his left hand. He was found with no vi tal signs. He had been electrocuted. He hadn't opened the S&C trip saver device downstream. There was no evidence that he had attached any grounds upstream and downstream before he began cutting the branches with the fiberglass cable cutter s. There was no evidence that he had verified the absence of voltage on the line prior to working on the line. The employee did not have on and was not using ad equate electrical protective equipment, in the form of rated rubber gloves.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on October 18, 2021, an employee worked with two coworkers to remo ve existing roofing materials from the roof of a commercial building. The cowork ers cut existing roof decking in preparation to replace the sections. At some po int, the employee walked through the section of decking being cut, a section of decking gave way and the employee fell approximately thirty-eight feet. The empl oyee received multiple blunt force trauma injuries and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:30 a.m. on February 3, 2021, Employee #1, employed by a roofing contractor, was engaged in roofing repair work at a two-story residential structure.  He ac cessed the roof to remove and relocate his fall protection anchor.  Before he co uld complete this process, he slid down and off the roof, a fall height of 11 fe et.  The employee landed on an upright metal clothes line post.  He was transpor ted to the hospital and admitted for treatment of a punctured lung and multiple rib fractures.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 a.m. on September 13, 2018, an employee was holding a tag line that was attached to a road sign that was being lifted overhead by a crane. During work, a vehicle entered the work zone and struck the sign that was being lifted. The s ign became disengaged from the crane and struck the employee, killing him.A
electrocution_nonfatal	On December 11, 2002, Employee #1, the superintendent, was connecting the busbars of a restaurant's new electrical system to the existing energized 480-volt main busbars of the building's electrical system. As he was working, his screwdriver slipped and arced, resulting in a large flash. Employee #1 suffered burns to his face and hands.
struck_nonfatal	At 12:30 p.m. on October 25, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working in a road work zone.  He was marking spots on the road in prepar ation for installing reflective lines.  An automobile swerved around the truck m ounted attenuator and into the work zone.  The vehicle struck Employee #1.  The employee was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for fractures to his arm.
electrocution_nonfatal	On June 26, 2009, Employee #1 received an electric shock, when a crane that he was directing contacted an 115,000 Volt overhead power line.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 25, 2022, an employee was in the process of trap removal on a cable strand service line. The employee set up a ladder in the snow and at tempted to climb the ladder to service the line. As the employee attempted to cl imb the ladder, he felt the ladder shift down and the hooks that connected to th e service line got stuck and slung the employee to the ground. The employee fell from an approximate height of 10 feet. The injured employee called the employer , and a supervisor showed up onsite shortly after. The employee was driven to a local hospital and was admitted soon after to treat a fractured clavicle, fractu red ribs, and bruised lungs.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on April 24, 2017, an employee was driving a powered pallet jack th rough an aisle where a coworker was operating a second jack in the same aisle. The employee's hand was on the pallet jack's control handle and was caught betwe en the two jacks when the coworker backed up and struck the employee's jack.  Th e employee was hospitalized and amputated his right pinky finger.
electrocution_fatal	On December 31, 2012, Employee #1, a 27-year-old construction laborer employed by W & O Construction Company Inc., was working at a sewer and water treatment plant. He was holding two metal spreader cables that were attached to a crane's load line. The load line became energized by a 7,620-volt overhead power line. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:00 a.m. on January 1, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker were working for an electrical contractor. The employees were tasked with relocating three conductor s from an old utility pole, measuring about 90 feet tall, to a new tubular steel pole, measuring approximately 130 feet tall.  After two of the conductors had b een relocated, Employee #1 and the coworker, while working from an elevated bask et, began attaching the rigging lines to the third conductor in preparation for separating it from the old pole. The elevated basket, which was attached to a 40 Ton mobile truck crane, was being controlled by a foreman that was located on t he ground. As the elevated basket was repositioned, Employee #1 came into contac t with the third conductor that was energized at 115 kV. The coworker observed s moke coming from Employee #1s body and signaled for the foreman to lower the ba sket. Emergency services were contacted and CPR performed. Employee #1 was taken to a nearby community hospital and soon transferred to another medical center f or treatment where he died.  The incident investigation identified that Employee #1 and the coworker had bonded the basket and rigged a conductor grip (attached to a line to a block then running to the ground) to the bottom phase; however, removed the bond just before repositioning the basket before attempting to trans fer the third conductor.
fall_fatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 18, 2019, an employee was painting the top of a light po le working from a ladder. The base of the light pole broke free and fell due to rust corrosion. The employee fell ten feet and stuck his head on the ground. The employee died at the hospital from his head injuries.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on November 16, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compa ny, was working on the roof of a new one-story commercial building.  He was inst alling sheets of styrofoam insulation when he slipped and fell through the panel s, a fall height of 26 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treated for multiple fractures.
struck_fatal	At 10:35p.m. on March 17, 2021, Employee # 1, Employee # 2, and Employee # 3 wer e placing security cones, cutting cement and cleaning an area. An auto driver dr ove by with excessive speed, sped through the traffic light and the protective d evices in the worksite. The driver struck Employee # 1, Employee # 2, and Employ ee # 3 with the vehicle. Employee # 1 was killed. Employee # 2 and Employee # 3 suffered blows, contusions, lacerations and severe fractures and bodily trauma. Employee # 2 and Employee # 3 were hospitalized.
fall_fatal	On October 24, 2016, at 2:00 p.m., an Employee was working from a swing stage sc affold when painting the exterior wall of a building when the scaffold fell to t he ground. The employee fell along with the scaffold and was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:30 a.m. on February 4, 2019, an employee was climbing into the passenger si de of semi-truck when he slipped on the ice accumulation on side of the truck. T he employee fell and fractured his ankle and sustained a severed tendon.  The em ployee was hospitalized.
caught_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on March 13, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction company, was working at a multiemployer construction project, a new commercial building. He was using a shovel to remove mud and debris from a trench when the trench c ollapsed.  The collapse caused a mini-excavator to fall and strike Employee #1, who was caught between the wall of the excavation and a rebar cage attached to t he excavator.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported t o the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for punctured blood vessels in his abdominal area.
struck_fatal	At approximately 2:00 p.m. on April 17, 2014, Employee #1 was using an electric hammer drill to fasten edging to a brick wall.  The extension cord was stuck so he stood up and pulled the cord which released and he lost his balance and fell over the wall. Employee #1 received a fracture skull and died.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:40 p.m. on February 20, 2022, an employee was operating an electric pallet jack.  The employee completed a visual pre-inspection check of the pallet jack. The employee stopped the unit in aisle 18 and stepped off the pallet jack.  When the employee stepped off the pallet jack, it immediately operated in reverse, p inning the employee against the pallet jack and racking. The employee fractured his left foot, requiring hospitalization.
struck_fatal	At 7:45 p.m. on December 13, 2021, an employee was driving a stand-up forklift d own an aisle, when he struck a stack of pallets at the end of the aisle resultin g in fatal injuries, including a ruptured lower left leg.
struck_fatal	At 2:15 p.m. on October 20, 2018, an employee was performing demolition activiti es and was struck by a 16 foot scaffold plank when it fell approximately 90 feet .  The employee was killed.
struck_fatal	At 3:45 a.m. on October 9, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a road construction co mpany, was working in a highway work zone as part of a multi-employer constructi on project.  He was taking measurements in preparation for the highway being str iped when a motor vehicle entered the closed work area and struck him.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 8:45 a.m. on April 8, 2016, an employee was walking on the second floor of an apartment building under construction, when he fell through an opening and was killed. The incident investigation revealed that the opening was intended for in stallation of a garbage chute.
electrocution_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on September 10, 2020, an employee was acting as hose man on a cem ent truck (Putzmeister) to pour concrete for a new bridge. At some point, contac t was made with a nearby 13.2-kilovolt power line and the employee received an e lectrical shock. The employee was killed by electrocution.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on February 17, 2022, Employee #1 was pouring concrete into a colum n form 20 ft. high. The employee was standing on the formwork and fell 16-feet. Employee #1 was hospitalized and treated for injuries sustained from the fall.
caught_nonfatal	At 4:00 a.m. on April 4, 2019, Employee #1, employed by a pipeline construction company, was exiting the back seat of a Toyota Tundra truck.  As the employee gr abbed the door frame for support, the front passenger shut the door.  Employee # 1's fingertip was caught between the door and the frame and was amputated.  Empl oyee #1 obtained medical treatment for the amputation and then was released with out hospitalization.
electrocution_fatal	A power line crew for a contractor was replacing rusted guys on several utility poles. The crew inadvertently broke one of the poles. The next day, the electric utility deenergized the 115-kilovolt line supported by the pole and gave a clearance to the power line crew. Although the line supported by that pole was deenergized, other energized power lines, with voltages of 115 and 230 kilovolts, were nearby. The crew did not test the deenergized line for voltage and did not ground it before replacing the pole. The crew set the new pole, moved the static line from the old pole to the new one, and attached hardware to the new pole. An apprentice power line worker and a journeyman power line worker were working from an aerial lift. They were standing on a metal come-along at the bottom of the aerial lift bucket. A piece of the come-along draped over the bucket. The apprentice was electrocuted when he grabbed a wire rope sling attached to the new pole. Induced voltage from the nearby energized lines had energized the deenergized line, and the come-along was touching the deenergized line. The apprentice had entry and exit wounds on his right foot and left hand.
caught_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on June 20, 2017, an employee was assisting a coworker with moving a frame made from 10 inch channel. One of the employee's fingers was smashed whe n the frame slid off the table and the first digit of the left hand's middle fin ger was amputated.  Hospitalization was not required.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on December 18, 2017, an employee was dead ending a denergized 345 KV powerline to a new steel pole. As the employee grabbed the line, he received an electrical charge from the ungrounded powerline, resulting in electrical burn s to both hands.  The employee was not hospitalized.
fall_fatal	At 5:50 p.m. on June 19, 2014, two painters, one being the subcontracting compan y owner, were standing on an aerial lift bucket, removing masking tape from a pr eviously painted surface on the front of a building, at a height of approximatel y 45 feet. The JLG model 800A aerial lift was standing on a concrete surface wit h slope of approximately 9 degrees. The lift was standing at approximately a 45 degree angle relative to the front of the building. The rear right wheel of the lift broke through the concrete surface, causing the lift to tip over on its sid e. The two employees fell with the bucket from a height of approximately 45 feet . The employees were not wearing positional restraint devices attached to the bu cket and both employees were killed.
caught_nonfatal	At approximately 9:30 a.m. on April 22, 2013, Employee #1 was assigned to Shift 1 performing preventative maintenance cleaning on Tray Line #3. The employee was cleaning one of the conveyor chain and sprocket drives. In order to clean the sprocket of the tray machine, Employee #1 took the guard off of the chain and sprocket drive and sprayed WD40 on the chain while it was moving. While Employee #1 was cleaning the area, he stood up and his hand got caught in the sprocket. The employee was wearing a glove and had a rag in his hand, and his glove, rag, and hand were pulled into the machine. While the machine was capable of being locked out, the machine was not locked out. Employee #1 was taken to St. Rose Hospital, where his right hand middle and index fingers were amputated at the farthest finger joints. Employee #1 remained hospitalized.
electrocution_fatal	At 6:00 p.m. on May 31, 2016, Employee #1 and Employee #2 were part of a crew of employees moving a 48-foot pump jack scaffold support leg.  Employee #1, workin g from the ground, lifted the bottom of the scaffold leg.  Employee #2 was worki ng from an elevated box secured to the forklift forks of a Genie Rough Terrain F orklift, Model GTH844.  Employee #2 held on to the upper section of the scaffold leg, while the employer operated the rough-terrain forklift. Employee #1 and em ployee #2 both received an electrical shock when the 48-foot scaffold support le g was moved within approximately 6 feet of 7.2 KV power lines overhead and Emplo yee #1 was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 4:30 p.m. on May 9, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a construct ion company, were engaged in concrete form work for a sewer/water treatment plan t.  They were working from a scaffold platform attached to a form wall and setti ng and pinning concrete form panels.  Needing to place a pin at the top of the f orm wall, Employee #1 climbed around a corner of the wall and up to the top.  Af ter setting the pin, as he attempted to return to the scaffold platform, Employe e #1 fell backwards, a fall height of 24 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated fo r injuries that included a fractured pelvis, multiple fractured ribs, and a frac tured vertebra.
caught_fatal	At 11:45 a.m. on June 21, 2019, Employee #1, a foreman employed by a constructio n company, was working at a bridge, a multiemployer construction project.  He wa s repositioning traffic cones along the work zone.  He was killed when struck an d caught in a street sweeper that was backing up along the bridge.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:30 p.m. on May 10, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a home builder, was engag ed in roofing work at a one-story residential building.  Employee #1 fell from t he roof, a fall height of 9 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital, admitted, and treated for musculoskeletal in juries.
fall_nonfatal	At 5:15 p.m. on May 3, 2018, a package delivery employee was attempting to pull up the dock plate with a hook when the hook slipped, causing the employee to fal l backwards. This resulted in the employee landing on the lower back and left le g, causing a closed fracture of left hip and non displaced intertrochanteric fra cture of left femur.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on February 14, 2014, Employee #1 was installing a four foot wide by eight foot long roof sheathing onto a building's roof trusses. He stepped on a sheet that he was going to trim when it gave way and he fell to the ground. Employee #1 was transported to the Community Regional Medical Center for treatment to his clavicle and four ribs.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 3:30 p.m. on October 24, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a utility services co mpany, was installing an overhead electrical power line.  The metal tool he was using contacted a ground and created a direct short circuit, transmitting 34.5 k ilovolts.  Employee #1 sustained flash burns to the face.  The heat created was so great that the tool's metal became molten.  Emergency services were called, a nd Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for facial burns.
fall_nonfatal	At 8:47 a.m. on October 29, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was performing housekeeping tasks to clean up construction areas on the secon d floor of a multifamily residential building.  She came across a piece of wood on the floor.  As she attempted to remove it, she fell through the opening the w ood was covering.  Employee #1 fell approximately 15 feet and struck the concret e on the ground floor.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospi tal, where she was admitted for treatment of multiple injuries, including fractu res to her left elbow, left wrist, spine, and face; a lacerated kidney; and inju ries to her eyes, teeth, and right wrist.
struck_fatal	At 2:30 p.m. on May 2, 2018, Employee #1 and a coworker, employed by a drywall c onstruction company, were working at a multiemployer construction site, a four-s tory commercial building.  They were straddling the gap between a wall opening a nd a site-built wooden trash box that measured approximately 9 feet by 4.33 feet by 3.67 feet and that was elevated by a Genie GTH-1056 rough-terrain forklift. They were attempting to maneuver a Graco Texspray RTX 1500 machine into the tra sh box.  The trash box was not secured to the forklift.  As the coworker stepped back into the building, the trash box flipped off the forks, causing Employee # 1 to fall a height of approximately 33 feet.  The trash box, the Texspray machin e, and some trash fell and landed on Employee #1.  The employee was killed.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:40 a.m. on October 23, 2018, an employee stood on the top plate of a new co nstruction residential home when an unsecured joist fell to the ground. The empl oyee then lost balance and fell approximately ten feet. The employee was taken t o a local hospital to treat a fractured left leg and dislocated knee.
struck_fatal	At 12:30 p.m. on November 10, 2021, an employee drove stakes to set forms near a public road. A coworker operated a rough-terrain forklift in reverse nearby. At some point, the employee walked into the path of the forklift and was struck by the right, rear tire. The employee was killed by crushing injuries to the legs and upper torso, and severe laceration to the lower back.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:30 a.m. on November 29, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an infrastructure c onstruction company, was operating an excavator at a highway construction projec t.  He was struck by a metal beam that was being hoisted.  Emergency services we re called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured leg.
caught_fatal	At 5:10 p.m. on July 22, 2020, an employee was standing in the loading dock area . The employee was pinned between a semi-truck trailer and a loading dock. The e mployee was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 6:30 p.m. on May 15, 2018, an employee was moving a forklift forward when he collided with a second forklift, fracturing his foot and later amputating a toe. The employee was hospitalized.
struck_nonfatal	The worksite is a warehouse food distribution center where employees perform ord er selector activities by utilizing powered industrial trucks (PITs), specifical ly an electric pallet jack rider. At 6:50 p.m. on February 27, 2022, Employee #1 , an order selector, was preparing to finish his work shift by parking the PIT i n the charging area where PIT's are stored. Employee #1 was operating a Crown PE 4500-80 electric pallet jack rider and was approaching the charging area to park the PIT for end of shift. A contributing factor to the accident involved Employ ee #1 trying to step off the PIT before it coasted to a complete stop, resulting in a broken ankle. The employee was hospitalized.  No accident-related citation s to be issued, but other citations to follow.
struck_fatal	At 3:15 p.m. on December 13, 2021, an employee (an owner operator) was in a truc k yard when a coworker (another owner operator) was operating his semi truck mov ing a shipping container. The coworker was backing up when he struck the employe e, pinching him between his truck and another parked truck. The employee was kil led by blunt force trauma to his body.
caught_fatal	At approximately 8:55 a.m. on November 21, 2009, Employee #1, a delivery truck driver, was making a meat delivery to a restaurant. He parked his truck (Make: UD, Model Number: 2600, California license: 6J91448) in the alleyway behind the restaurant. A witness observed the truck begin to roll slowly in a southbound direction, while Employee #1 attempted to open the right side passenger door. He was unable to open the passenger door and was then observed running in front of the truck toward the driver's door. He was pinned between the truck's left front tire and a cinder block wall and steel barrier pole on the eastside of the alleyway. Los Angeles City Fire paramedics responded to the scene at 9:00 a.m. and transported Employee #1 to UCLA Westwood Hospital. They arrived at the hospital at 9:19 a.m. and Employee #1 was pronounced dead at 9:23 a.m. The investigation revealed that the manual transmission vehicle had not been placed in gear and had been left unattended without setting the parking brake.
struck_nonfatal	At 1:00 p.m. on May 15, 2017, Employee #1, employed by an oilfield services comp any, was working at a job site.  He was operating a pressure blaster to blast th e outside surface of a 16-inch pipe.  A shovel was on the other side of the pipe .  Employee #1, while operating the pressure blaster, reached across the pipe to move the shovel.  His arm came within the field of the blast.  Emergency servic es were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitte d and treated for a skin abrasion injury to his arm.
electrocution_nonfatal	On November 12, 2003, Employees #1 and #2, and a coworker, all electrical subcontractors, were testing the voltage inside an energized, pad-mounted transformer. For some reason, Employee #1 touched the high-voltage side components with a low-voltage tester, causing an arc flash. Employees #1 and #2 sustained burns, for which they were hospitalized. Subsequent investigation determined that the employees did not have the appropriate testing equipment. In addition, they did not have proper training and they were not wearing appropriate personal protective equipment.
fall_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on June 6, 2019, an employee was climbing a fixed ladder which led to a roof hatch of a condominium. The employee reached the second rung when his left hand slipped off the ladder. The employee fell onto the stairway guard rail s which were behind the fixed ladder and fractured his right forearm, requiring hospitalization.
electrocution_nonfatal	"On June 8, 2012, an employee was pulling a coaxial cable into live 13,200V AC sw itchgear cabinet. The coaxial cable was allowed to get within the prohibited pro tection boundary and two fuses rated at 13,200V AC exploded.	The employee receiv ed third degree burns to his outer left leg from the waist to top of the boot, t hird degree burns inside the right calf, second degree burns to the back of the left arm from the tricepts over the elbow to middle of forearm.  The employee wa s hospitalized and treated for his injuries."
fall_nonfatal	At 10:45 a.m. on February 12, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a building renovati ons company, was working in a five-story apartment building.  As he was climbing a scaffold in the bedroom of an apartment, he fell, a fall height of approximat ely 3 feet.  Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospital.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured arm and a possible sh attered elbow.
electrocution_fatal	At 5:08 a.m. on September 27, 2017,  Employee #1 was isolating a 7.2KV electrica l cable. The employee put his hand on the transformer just as his leg contacted the exposed end of the "live" 7.2KV cable and was electrocuted.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on December 20, 2018, an employee was using a portable cutting tor ch to cut a steel plate in the maintenance area but he did not secure the steel plate he was cutting to the table. When the employee lifted the torch to adjust the cut, the steel plate fell off the table striking his foot. After a period of time, the foot wound became infected and the employee was hospitalized for a bl ood infection.
electrocution_fatal	At 9:30 a.m. on October 13, 2020, Employees #1 and #2, employed by a siding comp any, were erecting a pump jack scaffold at a single-family residence in preparat ion for installation work.  The outdoor winds exceeded 17 miles per hour with ev en stronger gusts.  As they erected a 24-foot scaffold pole support adjacent to the house, the pole made contact with a live and uninsulated 7,200-volt primary power line that ran parallel to the house.  The power line was approximately 23 feet 8 inches above the ground and approximately 12 feet away from the house.  E mployee #1 was electrocuted.  Employee #2 sustained electric shock injuries that required hospitalization and treatment.
electrocution_fatal	A construction laborer was electrocuted while welding. He had been using defective equipment.
caught_nonfatal	On April 26, 2012, an employee was working for a roofing company. Bundles of shingles were being conveyed on either a belt or a rollcase. The narrative was not clear on that point. He reached into a drum at the end of the outfeed conveyor at which bundles of shingles were delivered. Either his arm was caught in the drum or it was caught be a roller in the rollcase. He sustained a fracture in his lower arm.
electrocution_nonfatal	At 9:30 a.m. on March 18, 2019, Employee #1, the owner of a masonry company, was working at the site of a four-story multifamily residential building that was b eing renovated.  The employee was working from a scaffold and attempting to meas ure the distance between the scaffold and a power line.  The employee inadverten tly made contact with the power line and sustained an electric shock to his righ t forearm.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, where h e was admitted and treated for electric shock injuries that included nerve damag e.
fall_nonfatal	At 3:00 p.m. on December 4, 2018, Employee #1, employed by a roofing and HVAC co mpany, was engaged in repair work on the roof of a two-story manufacturing plant .  As he attempted to lower a rope to the foreman below, Employee #1 stepped off the roof's edge and fell, a fall height of approximately 25 feet.  Emergency se rvices transferred the employee to the hospital, where he was admitted and treat ed for a fractured right foot and ankle.
fall_nonfatal	At 1:30 p.m. on October 25, 2017, Employee #1, employed by a construction compan y, was engaged in roofing work at an automotive services shop.  He was on the ro of and applying sealant when he stepped onto a skylight.  Employee #1 fell throu gh the skylight to the concrete surface, a fall height of approximately 25 feet. Emergency services were called, and Employee #1 was transported to the hospita l.  He was admitted and treated for a fractured left forearm and a bruised shoul der.
electrocution_fatal	Employee #1 was moving live wires from an old pole to a new pole when he came in contact with the middle phase and the wooden pole, which created a potential difference, resulting fatal electrocution.
fall_nonfatal	At 10:00 a.m. on September 4, 2018, an employee was working on a thirteen foot r oof to install steel decking. A horizontal lifeline was installed and available to the employee, who did not tie it off. At some point, the employee walked over a sheet of unsecured decking and fell through. The employee received multiple ( ten) fractures to his ribs and a fracture to the sternum and was taken to the ho spital for treatment.
struck_fatal	At 12:00 p.m. on December 19, 2016, an employee was the fire watch at the work s ite.  A coworker who was waiting for an excavator to move a pipe from his truck got into a second excavator to move a vibratory hammer.  The coworker swung the excavator and found that the employee was in the swing radius of the hammer.  Th e employee was killed when the transport stand for the hammer detached itself an d struck them in their head.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 9:00 a.m. on September 18, 2017, Employee #1 was installing new overhead power lines that had a 7,500 volt rating. He pulled on the power line to remove the slack in the line. As moved the line, his upper arm and shoulder t ouched a live and uncovered jumper cable. Electricity from the power line flowed through his body and electrocuted him.
electrocution_nonfatal	A construction laborer was using a forklift to move the sidewall for a panel. The forklift or sidewall contacted an overhead power line, and the laborer received an electric shock. He was hospitalized for his injuries.
fall_fatal	At 7:30 a.m. on March 8, 2017, an employee was about to reposition anchorage poi nts.  The employee fell from the top roof, striking a lower roof and ultimately falling to the concrete surface, resulting in a hospitalization.  The employee l ater died from the injuries on March 15, 2017.
electrocution_fatal	On October 4, 2002, Employee #1 was troubleshooting an HVAC electrical system when he contacted a live 220-volt wire. Employee #1 was electrocuted.
fall_fatal	At 10:30 a.m. on August 14, 2020, Employee #1, employed by a painting company, w as engaged in repainting the exterior of a residential structure.  He was workin g from a ladder and hanging plastic in preparation for painting when the ladder slipped.  Employee #1 fell, a fall height of 16 feet, and struck the concrete su rface.  He sustained blunt force traumatic injuries, including multiple fracture s, and was killed.
struck_nonfatal	At 7:30 a.m. on October 28, 2021, an employee was using a jib crane with a chain sling attachment to lift a welded plate. The chain sling was wrapped around the plate and, as it was being lifted, a 3-inch piece that had been tack welded bro ke off causing the apron to slip from the chain and fall. The apron struck the e mployee causing a fractured left ankle that required hospitalization.
caught_fatal	At 12:00 a.m. on September 24, 2019, Employee #1 was cleaning up the worksite, a fter installing new exterior cladding (roofing shingles), during residential con struction.  Afterwards, Employee #1 then carried a ladder, in an extended and up right position, and came within (4 feet) of a high voltage, overhead power line. As a result, a conductive pathway for an (arc-flash) was provided between Empl oyee #1, the ladder and the high voltage, overhead power line and Employee #1 su stained electrical shock (electrocution), after the electrical arc-flash and die d instantly.
struck_nonfatal	At 11:00 a.m. on August 20, 2019, an employee removed truss frames from a teleha ndler. At some point, the trusses shifted and struck the employee. The employee was hospitalized to treat fractures to the wrist and femur.
struck_nonfatal	At 2:00 p.m. on January 24, 2019, an employee and three coworkers moved sixteen- foot crown moldings to the fourth floor of a multi-story, mixed use, residential and retail building. At some point, a section of crown molding fell from approx imately the fourth floor and struck the employee on the arm, who was between the basement and first floor on the stairwell. The employee was taken to a local ho spital for treatment of an arm fracture.
fall_nonfatal	At 9:45 a.m. on January 3, 2019, Employee #1 and coworkers, employed by a concre te construction company, were engaged in the construction of a multi-story parki ng structure for a multifamily residential project.  Employee #1 was installing fall protection guardrails at the leading edge of the third floor after installa tion of concrete forms.  The employee did not properly secure his fall protectio n system.  As he walked to the leading edge, a concrete floor panel became loose and fell beneath him, which caused him to fall to the surface dirt, a fall heig ht of 33 feet.  Emergency services transported the employee to the hospital, whe re he was admitted for treatment of multiple injuries that included a dislocated and fractured arm, lacerations of the head and face, and a concussion.
fall_nonfatal	At approximately 3:17 a.m. on November 4, 2013, Employee #1, a home framer with Sean Clines Framing, Inc., was working on a forklift platform, when he lost his footing and fell. Employee #1 fell approximately 14 to 15 feet from the forklift platform. Employee #1 was hospitalized with an open right tibia fracture, an L4 burst fracture, and a left calcaneal (heel) fracture.
electrocution_fatal	At approximately 10:45 a.m. on September 28, 2007, Employee #1 and a coworker were using a truck-mounted boom crane (Manitex M7092) to position a plastic barrel filled with sand at the end of a new automotive test track. The coworker was operating the boom crane. Once the barrel was lowered into position, Employee #1 touched the wire rope sling with his right hand. At the same time, the boom tip was in contact with a 7,900-volt power transmission line and Employee #1 was electrocuted. The weather conditions at the time of the accident were clear and sunny and were not a factor in the accident.
caught_nonfatal	At 08:10 a.m. on May 24, 2012, Employee #1 was rotating the drum for a Jacobson shredder by grabbing the belt and pulling it towards himself.  Employee #1's gl ove got caught between the belt and pulley which pinched his right pinky finger and fractured his right ring and middle finger.
struck_fatal	At 9:55 p.m. on March 7, 2017, Employee #1, a truck driver, was walking across t he employer owned parking lot to the north side, in order to see another truck d river when Employee #2, a shag truck driver, pulled into the parking lot looking north for a specific truck and/or trailer number.  Employee #2 hit and ran over Employee #1 with the shag truck.  Employee #1 was killed.
fall_fatal	At 4:00 p.m. on May 25, 2017, an employee was performing cleanup of a work area. The employee fell through a floor opening/shaft.  The employee struck rocks on the ground, received head trauma and broken bones and was killed.